when the board is open how far from the top of the door is it ? 
should this also be able to fit on a sliding closet door ? . 
does this come with an ironing board ? 
i 'm thinking of making this a gift for graduation for my soon-to-be graduate , is this practical for a dorm room ? 
how high is the ironing board from the ground for shorter people ? 
is there a way of correcting the crack that i seem to always get down the middle ? 
what is the diameter of these molds ? 
does anyone know where these stone cask ice rounds are made ? 
why would you need ice balls ? 
how tall are these tables and why do n't you list that in description ? 
is the top of the table textured or is it smooth ? 
what is the maximum weight or mass that the table can support ? 
how fast can this table be set up ? 
how tall is this table ? 
can i stack a second shelf on top of this one if i buy two ? 
can wheels be added to botttom of posts ? 
is this stackable ? 
would these work with a food saver ? 
is this paint color white 
do i need to sand cabinets prior to applying the paint ? 
is this white ? 
what are the colors of the giani granite tops 
what are the full dimensions ? 
does the raised ridge that holds things when the desks is at an angle come off or is it permanent , does anyone know ? 
is the tilt of the split section adjustable to different angles ? 
is the lip removable , and if not , does it get in the way when the desk is being used flat ? 
what is the surface size of the working area ( the tilt portion ) and what is the surface size of the storage side of the table ? 
what is the desk made out of ? 
does each shelf hold 10 pounds or is that the max weight the product will hold ? 
is it tall enough ( height ) to fit in a receiver ? 
i am lookingfor replacement handle pipe 
has anyone compared this to the dyson dc39 , any comments or thoughts on the performance on stairs , hardwood , carpets and pet hair ? 
how good is it on hardwood floors 
how long is the handle ? 
how can i get brush attachments for samsung bagless canister vacuum 
does this blanket fit a full size bed ? 
where can we buy the pillow cases ? 
is this just a blanket or does it come with pillow cases ? 
does the doors include the mounting hardware ? 
can i get these 78 '' ? 
do offer `` sliding '' style as opposed to bi-fold or can they be modified to sliders ? 
will it weight in ct ( carats ) ? 
is it good for larger slices of bread 
does the cord come out the back or front of the toaster , and how long is the cord ? 
how many watts ? 
is it a cool-side toaster ? 
does it toast evenly on both sides ? 
why did you choose this ? 
wide slots for bagels ? 
are there any capsules included when buying the machine ? 
does this come with milk frothier . 
does the milk frothe come with this bundle as picture ? 
how deep are the pockets ? 
so are these cotton feeling or like a silky ? 
i notice that in the discription , it is stated that these sheets are `` as soft as 1500 thread count egyptian cotton '' ... what is the actual thread count ? 
what material are the sheets made of ? 
what size filter does this use ? 
does it have double zipper for easy asses 
what color are these ? 
what color are the pillowcases ? 
also , is this from a smoke-free facility ? 
how do you remove the filter basket 
can you buy replacement parts for this juicer ? 
is there a removable blade for cleaning and what is the wattage ? 
why am i unable to get the mesh basket separated from the filter basket ? 
how can a system owner obtain on site warranty help if it is ever needed ? 
is the installation kid a pre-charged quick connect kit to avoid vacuuming the system ? 
is this unit ahri certified ? 
cost of operation 
i lost the installation instructions , how do i get ahold of another set ? 
how many air handlers for multi-zone placement holds this unit ? 
what are the dimensions of the wall mounted air handler ? 
when installing , do the lines need to be purged with a vacuum pump or is it just hook up the lines , open the valves and you are good to go ? 
why is it so expensive ? 
the welds on one side of my filter have failed and the mesh is no longer attached to the frame - how can i get a replacement ? 
what 'grind ' of coffee do you use for this filter ? 
how many microns is this filter ? 
could this be used for tea also ? 
is this compatible with an induction stove top ? 
what is the non-stick coating on this product ? 
where is it made ? 
anybody find any lids that fit these pans ? 
according to instructions only 15 minutes @ 400 degrees what about @ 350 or 325 for doing a pineapple up side down cake ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
what 's the size of this fry pan ? 
what are the min and max heights for the vertical adjustment of this table ? 
what height does the table adjust too 
does the actual table fold or just the legs ? 
how high does it go up ? 
are these spoon spatulas or flat ? 
does the handle come apart from the spatula ? 
what are the handles made of ? 
do you have another set of colors , like blue , red , green or yellow ? 
do the purse hooks have a rubber back or some type non-slip back so they ca n't slide on the table ? 
need to know the inches from the bottom of the chair to the seat and the inches from the seat to the top of the chair please . 
how many chair two or one on monsoon pacific aprilia upholstered dining chairs , dark walnut , set of 2. thanks 
what is the seat constructed of - solid wood with padding or springs ? 
is this fabric a true red 
how tall is the chair ... from floor to the top of the seat ? 
what weight do these chairs support ? 
what is the accuracy tolerance of the scales and what size calibration weight does it require ? 
does this item come with batteries included ? 
is the nespresso auto volt 110 220 v ? 
what is the difference between the c-120 ... and the c-121 
does this item provide the international shipping service to china ? 
does the frother work with soy milk 
does this desk come with the floating shelf above it ? 
does it come with the mounting supplies or will i need to purchase that separately 
how much does it weigh ? 
what is the depth of the desk ? 
hi what are the dimensions for this pan ? 
does this make `` full sized '' muffins or mini muffins ? 
how much does each section hold ... 1 2 cup , 1 cup , ? 
is it necessary to use paper liners , and or butter and floour the cups 
is this lead-free ? 
how does it compare to the pampered chef stonewear muffins pan ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is it a dark wood as the picture illustrates ? 
what are the dimensions of the drawer ? 
would this look hold okay with liquor bottles on top ? 
does it come assembled ? 
what are the exact dimensions of the wrap when opened out flat ? 
inside is theree a pocket to insert a card with your contact info on it ? 
would it hurt the fabric if i put a small safety pin on the back to ensure that the velcro stuck and it stayed on your handle ? 
do they wrap around tight enough to use on the the handle of a wheelie pull up handle ? 
what 's the width and length ? 
is this a remote control fan as well 
how tall is it ? 
how tall is it ? 
how large is the base of this fan ? 
i would also like to know about the 15 amp requirement ... 
is this product made in the usa , or china ? 
is it quiet ? 
does it get hot to touch ? 
how long is the cord on this heater ? 
does this unit have a timer ? 
how many heating elements does it have 
how many heating elements does it have 
what is the thickness of this 12-inch stone ? 
do the pillow shams come with the bedspread 
chenille king size bedspreads in mauve , maroon or wine colors 
what material its made from ? 
how is this item packaged for shipping and what 's the shipping dimensions ? 
on what side of the sofa is the chaise ? 
what is the dimension of this . 
how is it for broiling 
does this unit have the slots on each side for the under the under the cabinet mount ? 
will this item fit into the spacesaver under the cabnet mount ? 
how many heating elements on top and bottom of this oven ? 
is this comforter really big enough for a queen ? 
does the comforter use down or poly fill . 
do you need a bed skirt with this comforter when using it on a full bed not a queen 
what are the dementions ? 
is the mounting hardware included ? 
why is the shipping cost so high ( 50 % of yukchuk price ) for something made of lightweight plastic ? 
how is this any different from a regular bucket with a tight fitting lid ? 
i am curious - why is shipping only $ 8.57 through the yukchuk site but $ 10.99 through amazon ? 
what is the capacity of this container ? 
how deep are the mounting screws ? 
what is the height of the bucket with the lid open in the vertical position ? 
how chair folds down into bed 
can 2 children sit side by side on this ? 
what is the fabric content of the foam ; what is the fabric content of the exterior fabric 
any other colors ? 
what other colors does this chair come in ? 
does it open to a bed and what are the dimensions 
will twin size sheets fit on this ? 
where are these towels made ? 
can you put them in the dryer ? 
can you combine shipping or is it $ 8.50 for each towel ? 
i know these are 100 % cotton and made in turkey , but are they made of turkish cotton ? 
which model is this ? 
does this com with the first set of filters or do i have to purchase them separately ? 
what is the measured height , length and width of this purifier ? 
what is the measured height , length and width of this purifier ? 
does it support 220v ? 
is this product good for dust mites in mattresses for instance 
how much space does it effectively cover process ? 
will it fit 17 inch deep mattress ? 
what are the dimensions for the pillow cases ? 
how much cotton do they contain ? 
i want affordable warm sheets for a queensize bed which is 12inches thick , what do you suggest for me , i like thicker sheets that are good quaility,100 % cotton unless u have other suggestions , thx , darryl 
what size fitted sheet will fit , 12 '' full size memory foam mattress , should i buy queen sized ? 
how is 100 % polyester measured as 1500 thread count ? 
is there a filter available for this model , allowing you to use coffee of your choice ? 
is this the same as the k-fee ? 
can i use ground espresso coffee instead of the pods ? 
so you can not use like the k cups ? 
does the verismo only take starbucks pods 
is this the same as the 580 model ? 
can you use keurig pods in this machine 
is the inside stainless steel ? 
is the inside of lid stainless steel ? 
is it made in america ? 
what is the length and width of the mold ( not counting the stick ) ? 
does this come with one or two rubber washers ? 
does this turn like the `` italian bottling spigot '' to prevent the tip from touching the surface ? 
fits what size hole ? 
does anyone know if this spigot would work as a replacement spigot for a mr. beer 2 gallon beer keg . 
what size tubing fits on it ? 
what is seat height ? 
height in inches 
can these be used outdoors 
how much weight do they hold ? 
will this work with a bar that is 42 '' high and can they be used outdoors ? 
how many pounds does it hold 
do store-bought plastic wraps fit into the box ? 
can this be mounted under a cabinet ? 
has anyone used this with waxed paper or aluminum foil ? 
does the box body made of paper or plastic ? 
can this be hung on a cupboard ? 
will these hang coffee cups when suspended from wire racks ? 
will the hook fit over a 1 '' clothes rod ? 
what is the product dimension of xs hook ? 
the last 5 sellers of this product have sent me the wrong kind -- - both openimngs are the same -- - are these just like the picture or not -- - thanks 
would these hooks hold 5 pds ? 
did anyone that bought this get 10 pieces or 1 ? 
can i order sheets sets from this maker i love the sheets would like extras 
does it come in a queen size ? 
does it come in a full size 
does it come in twin size 
what is the height measurement from seat to floor in inches ? 
does anyone know the weight limit on these stools ? 
what is the height of this chair 
are these chairs sold each or set of 2 ? 
would these stools be suitable for outside use ? 
what is the height from floor to seat ? 
does it have to be hung , or could it also sit on a desk ? 
what are the dimensions in depth , width and length ? 
what are dimensions ? 
how deep is each pan ? 
has the non-stick coating flaked off at all ? 
can this meatloaf pan go in the dishwasher ? 
what is the differnece between the wfp14s model and the wfp14sw model ? 
does the 14s come with all blades and the shredding side feed tube ? 
i have had numerous issues with the blade getting stuck in the unit and recently the bowl not engaging , what is your warranty on these items ? 
how can i get a instruction book for my waring food processor ? 
will this unit mix things very thick like cookie dough ? 
does the bowl comes in metal ? 
does this product knead bread dough ( yeast ) , if so , do you have to use cooler ingredients so as to not kill the yeast , does it come with a dough blade 
is the plastic food bowl bpa free ? 
what is this pillow filled with ? 
is this pillow machine washable 
can this be used outdoors ? 
how about the package size . 
does it remove airborne mold spores ? 
i understand the intake air is in the front , but is the exhausted air on the top ? 
how many square feet will it clean , or will one clean a 1500sf great room ? 
what should be the power load for the transformer if we need ? 
exactly which filters fit this machine ? 
can this device be left always on , or will the timer always shut it off ? 
does it come with a filter ? 
how much height is there to the shelves ? 
is the finish high gloss white or normal white ? 
what 's the depth for this shelf ? 
do you have it in black ? 
i know the height is 63 and width 47.2 but how about depth ? 
what are the measurements ? 
how long does carbonation last 
can you use other cartridge than the soda soda sparkle ? 
are the flavors inside the box expired ? 
how much soda does each co-2 cartridge make ? 
can it be used for canning vegtables 
does this also have the slow cooker feature like a crock pot 
what are the psi for high pressure setting for this unit ? 
is this product korean or janpan 
what is mean : operating pressure time:0~30 minutes ? 
does this machine have a timer so i can delay bread making , and wake upto fresh bread ? 
how to remove the bread pan ? 
can you add dry fruits and nuts 
can you make gluten free bread mixes in this breadmaker ? 
can i just dump ingredients in and they are kneaded by the machine 
is this bookcase as flimsy as everyone says it is ? 
where can i purchase additional shelves for the bookcase ? 
how much weight this bookcase ? thanks 
what are the dimensions of this item 
how can this be used when the car is in motion , what about seat belts ? 
how do you inflate the mattress ? 
can you still buckle up on the bed ? 
would this fit in the back seat of a scion tc ? 
will in fit in a 2010 toyota 4runner ? 
will this fit in a subaru forester ( 2011 ) ? 
is this cookware truely dishwasher safe ? 
can i use metal utensils in this cookware ? 
can this be used on my induction stove ? 
what is the surface width of the bottom of the 4-quart sauce pan that would make contact with a glass cooktop ? 
what is the inside diameter of the top rim of the pan ? 
is it made in the u.s.a. ? 
how do you change from kgs to lbs ? 
what is the min wieght the scale will read accurately ? 
does it come with any warranty ? 
can you buy a regular outlet plug for this ? 
does this expresso maker work with the cigarette lighter in the automobiles ? 
can i order this in a soft lilac purple ? 
what color is the frame it comes with ? 
can i get this picture made larger ? 
cherry red or red orange 
can you please give me the hight ? 
what is the max weight capacity ? 
can this stool be used for outdoor seating ? 
is the nonstick surface teflon ? 
does it work on a ceramic cooktop without marking the cooktop surface ? 
where are these pans made ? 
are there other colors ? 
what are the dimensions on the top of the cabinet ( where a microwave would sit ) will a 14dx26wx22h inch bird cage fit there ? 
are these one piece , the lid is hinged and attached to the bottom , or are they 2 piece , the lid is seperate from the bottom ? 
can these pods be sealed with a regular iron ( used for clothing ) ? 
does the pod maker require a second unit to seal filters ? 
do these fit hamilton beach model hdc200b individual cup units ? 
has anyone tried putting the coffee from the keurig k-cups in these filters and made coffee in a senseo or hamilton beach ? 
can i make coffee pods for this without the special `` pod maker '' since you can not seem to get it anymore ? 
would these fit in an espresso machine ? 
what is the diameter of the pod before filling and sealing ? 
will these work in the nespresso coffee makers ? 
i get a papery taste to the coffee anyone else ? 
what is it made out of ? 
what is this item made out of ? 
how high is it ? 
how many regular sized cupcakes does this stand hold ? 
is strong ? 
does it flat pack ? 
how high is it 
does this insert have a blue glo at the bottom of the flame 
is the 19 '' width measuring the outermost edges or is that the actual face of the box ? 
can this simply be placed into the exciting ( non-functioning ) fireplace in our house without us needing to buy a separate surround or stand for it ? 
will this unit fit 19 inches high and 20 width 
does the space ( and old , non working fireplace ) needs to be 18inches plus 3 inches wide on each side = 24 inches wide , or would 22inches be enough ? 
does that tempature and other writing in the top right always show up ? 
i have a faux fireplace that has fake logs and uses gel cans- it 's 22 wide , can this be used for that ? 
can it be used for interval training , example 2 minutes repeating cycles ? 
is there a way to turn tmer off ( when not in use ) to reduce preserve battery usage ? 
still not sure after reading the different answers to this question : does the `` time 's up '' signal stay on for an extended time - or just ring and run ? 
can this be used like a stop watch ? 
does it light up so that it can be seen in the dark ? 
how tall is the biggest canister ? 
how many c uhh ps will each one hold ? 
would this be good for steaming tamales ? 
will this fit in the power pressure cooker xl 
would this fit a 6qt presto pressure cooker ( model 01362 ) ? 
can this be used for the 8 qt fagor duo pressure cooker model 
are there any plastic parts that come in contact with the tea water , or does water only touch stainless steel ? 
is this kettle lined with stainless steel or plastic ? 
does this unit have automatic shut-off ? 
where is cuisinart made 
can the base of this kettle be placed , say , on top of a microwave , or would the bottom be a danger of burning anything underneath it ? 
does the kettle remove from the heating base for filling or are the two integrated ? 
does this kettle have a 2 or 3 prong plug ? 
dose it have a pocket ? 
do you have 14 of these in stock - all the same color - either red or blue ? 
is it cotton canvas ? 
good on carpet ? 
what is the warranty ? 
can it be used on wood floors 
would like to know how often do you have to change the filter ? ... ... .that could get costly . 
does this work well on carpeted stairs ? 
how many panels are in each order , 1 or 2 ? 
is the curtian one panel or two in the order ? 
could the scale measure the precise amount like 3.5 oz and is it in decimal or fractions ? 
can i use my own ground coffee 
can you use `` pods '' not made by keurig ? 
will a standard 16 oz tervis tumbler fit under this machine if you remove the base that you would normally stand a mug on ? 
why wo n't kcup puncture at the bottom ? 
is this coffee maker eazy to use 
coffee strength ? 
do you have to use a filter 
can i use any brand of k cups 
will this bed frame disassemble after being put together , or is it like some ikea furniture where some screws , once turned , are stuck forever . 
is this frame made out of particle board , or real wood ? 
is this bed compatible with does it fit together with the sauder palladia cherry select headboard ? 
can i get the same frame for twin 
can i fit both my box spring and mattress on top of this platform and still be compatible with the sauder palladia selet headboard ? 
there are so many choices , i am a single woman , no pets , rarely home , price is an issue ... do you think this is good choice , not sure which to get ? 
does it use virtual walls 
what is the height of the roomba 
will it work on long hair carpet ? 
can it transition from hardwood to rugs ? 
where does it store the dirt and how do you remove it ? 
my nuwave is noisy , is this common ? 
can you use this with any cookware ? 
does it come with a cookbook 
why cant i keep a low setting 
how do you grill bacon and hamburgers on the cast iron grill 
if my pan is larger than the surface will the entire pan heat uniformly ? 
how is the nuwave pic2 powered ? 
can i use my regular pots and pans on this unit ? 
i have nuwave i am looking for the item to use to grill steaks ? 
is the device non-stick ? 
what voltage does it use 
is this electric or does it go on the stove ? 
how long does it take to cook one set of pancakes ? 
can you cook the pancakes light or does it just have one temperature setting ? 
can i get it for 230 v currency ? 
what is the pancakes size ? 
what is the finished size 
what is the measurement from the floor to the seat ? 
what are the dimensions of the chair when folded ? 
how is the pocket holding capicity 
how many inches from the ground to the seat ? 
is the back removable for embroidery 
how heavy is the pot ? 
can this be put in a 450 degree oven ? 
can you refrigerate leftovers in the pan and reheat later 
what country is this cookware made in ? 
what is the height and diameter of this pot ? 
what size is it when shape into an ottoman ? 
i want to buy this ones , could you stuff with airbag to around and stick fragile noticed out of box this items when shipping to my adress ? 
the lid is glass , but is the jar also glass ? 
what is the diameter of this beverage dispenser ? 
what is the height of the jar without the lid ? 
would dollar bills also fit in the slot ? 
what size jar opening does this fit -- regular or wide mouth ? 
what are the dimensions of the bag 6x15x3 does not seem reasonable 3 inches would not hold much of a loaf of bread ? 
do you slice the bread before using the bag ? 
is it a 2 gallon bag ? 
do these bags freeze well ? 
where are these bags made ? 
what color is the darker one , looks like could be brown or purple . 
where were these made ? 
where are they made ? 
is the quality the same on the red seat as the gray one ? 
what is the lowest height to which it can be adjusted ? 
are these suitable for an outdoor kitchen ? 
is the powder coat finish more black or gray ? 
do these stools swivel ? 
i see that the height goes up to 33 '' , but are they sturdy & amp ; stable enough to use at 33 '' `` bar height '' rather than at the lower `` counter height '' ? 
how many oz ml does each container hold ? 
what is the diameter of each tin ? 
how tall are the bottles ? 
is there a space to label the tins ? 
do labels come with them ? 
what colors did you end up getting ? 
are these things airtight ? 
description says 12 and title says 6. how many tins in the package ? 
are the lids magnetic too ( aka can you stack them on top of each other and will they stick together ) ? 
does this plunger work with a low flow toilet with a non-round opening ? 
does the head unscrew ? 
is the holder easy to clean disinfect after water has dripped down onto it and dried ? 
how does the magnet hold them together well yet still allow you to remove the plunger from the holder ? 
what are the dimensions , specifically it 's height ? 
do you need to assemble ? 
is the leather black or brown ? 
is this item available and ready to ship ? 
is this item acme vendome 60004 arm chair are available and ready to ship ? 
are there suction cups on the side ? 
what diameter are the grommet holes ? 
how many rings do you need with this curtain ? 
looking for decorative shower curtain for 10 ft ceiling 
do rings come along with the liner 
which dimension measurement is noted first length or width ? 
is this a seamless shower curtain ? 
are there magnets at the bottom ? 
does it switch automatically between the two voltages , or do you have to move a switch ? 
can you give me the dimensions in inches ? 
is the inside stainless steel or plastic 
weight of the unit ? 
is usa plug kit included ? 
where was it made ? 
i sit available in queen size ? 
do you by chance offer this set in full size ? 
is it warm and soft ? 
since this is for kids is it flame retardant ? 
how many screws come with this rod , and will i need to drill holes to install ? 
i 'm confused , do you need to buy the sockets too or does the rod itself come will all that 's needed to install into the wall directly ? 
will this product work with http : www.amazon.com gp aw d b000hmb ... ? 
what is the diameter of the rod ? 
how many quarts can this skillet hold ? 
can this skillet be used on a ceramic glass top stove ? 
is this product for meat only or can you do cheese and chocolate also ? 
is this product for meat only or can you do cheese and chocolate also ? 
what type of fuel does use - little cans of sterno or liquid gel ? 
can you tell me how heavy it is , in ounces ? 
does the comforter have loops or buttons on it to connect to the inside of the duvet cover ? 
does this comforter make crinkling noises as you move around ? 
does it make noise ? 
where can i get the instruction manual we lost the one that came with it before we read it 
does it cook 14 '' pizzas ? 
what comes with it . 
will it cook an 12 '' pizza 
can you cook frozen pizzas on this ? 
do the stones that come with the edgepro knock-off water or oil based ? 
hello , how much is the shipping to germany ? 
will this fit the shapton pro stones for edgepro apex ? 
will this heat a finished basement room 14 ' x 28 ' x 8 ' with walk out ? 
how many watts is it ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how many amps does it have written ? 
how much btu ? 
does this heater run up your electric bill ? 
does anyone know how to reset the clean filter message , the filter has been cleaned but still flashes 
does this have wheels under it and remote control ? 
is the fur soft or is scratchy ? 
can this throw be machine washed ? 
would the 58x60 fit a full size bed as the `` comforter '' ? 
is the front and back sides the same ? 
does this blanket have any chemical smell ? 
hi i am also looking to buy two 60x84 in the kitt fox when will you have some in stock ? 
so is this basically a edge pro knock off ? 
is this sharpener worth it , i like the wick edge but to expensive , what do you suggest ! 
clean up 
how many chicken wings will it take ? 
is the inner pot removable 
how much does it weigh ? 
how thick is it when folded flat ? 
is it 17 '' high ? 
what is the max weight limit 
does it fold and unfold easily just by picking it up and pushing it down -- both with one hand ? 
is there a weight rating on this 
are the dots on the top surface non-slip ? 
how tall is it ? 
does this frame have a lip that keeps the mattress from slipping off or shifting a lot ? 
does the full version of this item come as one piece or 2 pieces ? 
does this have bolt holes to attach both footboard and headboard brackets ? 
for those that have had this frame for a while , what is the experience with the frame squeaking ? 
would this work for a full xl mattress ? 
what are the dimensions of the full size ? 
how silent is this fan ? 
how tall are these fans , i want a tall one 
doses this fan move , like rotate back and forth ? 
what exactly does the thermostat do ? 
is there any filters to replace ? 
can it be taken apart for cleaning ? 
is light to bright for bedroom , can it be shut off 
oil 
where does this glass bottle made from ? 
can you store red wine vinagrette salad dressing in it ? 
can you store essential oils and for how long ? 
does this work if held upside down ? 
does anyone know where this bottle is made ? 
is the top black or white ? 
how tall is it ? 
does this bottle come with a separate cap to screw on ? 
is this a two prong outlet or a three prong ? 
i understand this has a sliding thermostat but does the unit shut off once the desired temperature is reached ? 
what is the guarantee or warranty on this new heater ? 
lasko heaters cost how much ? 
is there a water gauge on the kettle ? 
is the kettle hot to touch ? 
does the cord wrap underneath the base so that the cord is not in the way ? 
is the automatic shut off when it boils or does it not shut off until it boils dry ? 
is the kettle bpa free ? 
where is it made 
would someone let me know , does it have a two prong or three prong to plug in..thank you 
how does this work on nuts ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
i want finely shredded cheddar cheese , will this handle it ? 
which drum for parmesan ? 
how does this install to the rack ? 
can be mount in a bar rod that is not round ? 
how many ties fit ? 
is it metal or plastic ? 
tie capacity belt holders ? 
can it be installed on a wire closet rack 
where are the batteries , front or back ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how many ties can it hold ? 
how many ties can this unit hold ? 
is this a plastic free kettle ? 
is this made in china ? 
how many cups of water does it hold 
what are the kettle dimensions ? 
what is the wattage of this unit ? 
where is the power cord ? 
does the kettle have an english or an american plug ? 
what diameter pot does it work with 
is there a see through portion around the perimeter as shown in the picture , so you can see the contents in the pot ? 
i would like to buy 5 , do you combine or reduce shipping ? 
how quickly will this ship ? 
how big is it ? 
can you ship to australia ? 
do you have a 12 by 24 piece ? 
do they work on those white plastic hangers ? 
what is the shipping rate for hawaii ? 
what are the dimensions of the toaster oven ? 
does this unit have the slots to allow it to hang under a cabinet ? 
how long is the electrical cord ? 
does this have a heating element on just the top , or is there one below the rack too ? 
does the toasting rack come forward when you open the front door ? 
can this model be mounted under the cabinet ? 
dimensions 
does it mount under a cabinet 
does the clicking noise bother you ? 
if you have two of these can you stack them ? 
is the it 3feet in h ' ? 
size dimensions ? 
is the overall height 24 '' with or without the wheels on ? 
what are the dimensions of the drawers ? 
is the chrome base a shiny one or more like brushed nickel ? 
just to confirm ... the price ( ~ $ 125 with shipping ) includes 2 chairs , correct ? 
how wide is the seat ? 
what is the weight limit on these stools ? 
i just put these together following but the `` adjustable hydraulic '' function does not work , i ca n't adjust them and lever does not work ... any ideas ? 
what is the width of the base ? 
does the circular foot rest rotate with the chair when you swivel , or can you use it to push against to turn around ? 
how tall is from top to bottom ? 
whats the difffrence from the 12 cup faberware for $ 59.95 ? 
is the inside stainless or aluminum ? 
does the coffee basket have a top on it 
i there a warrenty on this farberware coffee pot ? 
automatic shutoff ? 
where is this manufactured ? 
does this come with a flat or rounded power cord 
is the heating element stainless or aluminum ? 
is it submersible 
does the pot have a non stick chemical coating or is it ceramic ? 
can youadjust the temperature manually or are there just `` settings , '' like on a crock pot ? 
can the ninja cooking system bake breads and rolls ? 
can you cook rice in this system ? 
can you boil water in this ? 
how many watts is this machine and how many temperature settings ? 
does this model have removable plates 
can i purchase waffle plates for this ? 
does it have supports for the lid or do they just rest on whatever you are cooking ? 
are plates removeable for washing 
are both plates ridged rather than one flat so that both sides come out with ridge marks ? 
does this cook bacon very well ? 
has the issue with the top plate falling off reported in many reviews been corrected by cuisinart ? 
can you grill a chicken breast from frozen or does it need to be defrosted first ? 
do they still have a problem with the top plate falling off ? 
how to remove dust catcher 
how many ams does it have ? 
where can i buy filters for this vacuum 
does this vacuum have a removable roller brush or a way to turn brush off ? 
download owners manual 
is it support 220v ? 
how to remove canister 
when red light comes on 
are the feet plastic or wood ? 
the wide of the sofa is 93 '' , measure from front of back or from one arm to another arm of the sofa ? 
is it a 2 seater or a 3 seater sofa ? 
does it have zippers on the side of the cushions which allows you to take off the cushion covers ? 
anywhere know where i can find the area rug in this picture ? 
can the seat or back cushions be remove ? 
does it pick up good & amp ; does it maneuver too out of control 
any attachments ? 
does the brushroll shut off ? 
is there a height adjustment on the nozzle to make it easier to go from carpet rugs to bare floors ? 
is it made to clean hard wood , tile , and vinyl floors ? 
how much is the power supply voltage 
can the battery be recharged and how long does the battery last ? 
what are the dimensions of the heater ? 
i have a danby chill n tap , will this fit where the exsisting tower is ? 
which are the shipping package dimension ? 
in the picture it looks like the leaf extends the width of the cabinet ( the leaf seems to come upward from the left side -- actual dimensions ? ) 
how tall is the island without the casters ? 
is this fabric stretchy ( like a jersey ) or hard ( like a percale ) ? 
are they wrinkle free ? 
what us the country of origin ? 
how deep is the fitted sheet ? 
will this fit a thick pillowtop mattress ? 
what are the dimensions both outside and inside ? 
i realize the monitors and graphics cards differ but how close is the color in the photos ( oak ) to the actual color ? 
what are the inside dimensions of this cabinet ? 
does this product have a gasket ? 
will half gallon jars fit in this pressure canner ? 
how come no one has mentioned that this is not made in the usa ! 
can you use oils if you want with this pan ? 
how many inches of the diameter ? 
is this pan oven safe ? 
can this be used on induction cooktop ? 
where is it made ? 
how high is the bottom part that sits against the baseboard ? 
how much height is there to the shelves ? 
is the inside of the mug itself stainless steel , or is it plastic surrounded by stainless steel ? 
has anyone tried putting this lid ( with the handle ) on one of their 20-oz stainless steel tumblers ? 
is there a place to put a stainless steel straw in ? 
will this mug fit in a typical car holder ? 
is this mug for both right and left handed people ? 
where was it made ? 
is this ceramic ? 
is the lid plastic or silicone ? 
is the green sleeve removable ? 
does this mug fit well in the car cup holder ? 
can this mug go in the microwave ? 
is the plastic lid bpa free ? 
is the inside of the mug itself stainless steel , or is it plastic surrounded by stainless steel ? 
has anyone tried putting this lid ( with the handle ) on one of their 20-oz stainless steel tumblers ? 
is there a place to put a stainless steel straw in ? 
will this mug fit in a typical car holder ? 
is this mug for both right and left handed people ? 
are there lids for wide mouth jars 
does anyone know what metal these are made from ? 
will these fit 12 oz regular mouth mason jars ? 
are these meant for regular or wide mouth jars ? 
where are these made ? 
what size is this cutter ? 
what is its actual size ? 
it works on serrated edges 
does this sharpener do a very good job of sharpening hunting knives ? 
can this sharpner be used for scissors 
does this sharpen ceramic knives ? 
can this be used with the left hand ? 
can i sharpen santuko knives with this ? 
can you use this sharpener on the steak knives that are certrated ? 
does this sharpen all of the miracle blade knifes , even the serrated egdes 
is this a warm or cool humidifier ? 
would this work in a room that has dimensions of 18 x 18 ? 
can you diffuse essential oils in this ? 
what is the quietest best small room himidifier ? 
does this machine have dual boilers ? 
can you make a macchiato that uses less milk than a cappuccino ? 
is it necessary and a good idea to use the water filter for this machine ? 
what are the measurements ? 
what are the dimensions of the baking tray ? 
does it broil ? 
size 
does a baked potato fit in oven ? 
is it deep enough to toast a sandwich ? 
does this model have a button to pop the toast up before early ? 
is this rug machine washable ? 
does the pile of the rug matt down after awhile of walking on it ? 
what color is this ? 
could this rug be used in kitchen too ? 
are the tumblers shrink wrapped together or is each one individually wrapped ? 
how many ounces does it hold ? 
is it made of glaas 
are these to simply be kept in the freezer refrigerator ? 
does this bed require a box spring will it support a matress without box spring ? 
does it need a box spring 
does it require a box spring and mattress or just a mattress 
how long does i take to ship 
how wide is this product ? 
does this sorter have a supporting shelf ? 
can you iron on the folding table ? 
you do n't have the inches of length width and height on the description can you put that in ? 
what is the clearance from the floor to the shelf on the bottom ? 
are the bags easily removable ? 
can the item be folder when it needs to be stored ? 
will the temperature light stop flashing when it reaches the correct temp ? 
does it fit a twin bed 
looks like alot of people are having the same problem with this product will amazon be helping any of the people that got the product and it wont heat up past 80 deg and innomax say to bad 
is the cord a retractable cord ? 
is it worth $ 650 ? 
how often does the hepa filter need to be changed on the calima 
does the stainless steel platform detach so i may clean it separately from the base ? 
can i store the scale on its side or does have to stay level the whole time ? 
does the 15 lb capacity include the tare , or could i weigh a 13 lb item in a 3 lb container , for a total of 16 lb ? 
how do you change the units , do you just press the strange button on the front ? 
can i trickle a powder charge and have the scale display the weight change in real time , or do you have to add , remove , reweigh ? 
can anyone confirm if this scale includes an ac adapter ? 
will it weigh to .01 grains of accuracy ? 
what is the best hoppers 
are the product dimensions correct ? 
how thick is this mattress pad ? 
does this product contain flame retardent chemicals ? 
why is it leaking 
does this cool a small bedroom ? 
what happens with the condensate ? 
how long does the window kid extend ? 
what are the hose dimensions ? 
is there just one hose to the outside on this unit 
how big are the slots ? 
what is the length of the slots ? 
what are the dimensions of the block ? 
how do you take apart the fobs to install batteries ? 
is this good for finding pets in the house and where to you put receiver on pet ? 
how do you get the fob open ? 
how to open transmitter to put in aaa batteries ? 
what is the voltage input 110v or 220v for each of the parts ? 
how to make it work ? 
how to get the fobs open to insert battery ? 
rv 
what size room is ideal for using the dehumidifier ? 
how do you empty the water tank ? 
can you setup a hose 
the adapter input allows for 110v-240v or just 110v ? 
what are the dimensions roughly ? 
1 person said they could not figure out how to open it to empty.and will it work ok in average size bedroom.ok gets a lot of humidity at times 
what about 1.5 liter bottles ? 
what are the demensions of this table ? 
what materials is this table made of ? 
can you describe the actual color in more detail , is it more reddish than brownish ? 
what is the maximum weight this can hold ? 
what are the dimensions of the inside of the drawers ? 
does it come in a lighter color ? 
are the lids twist on and off for airtight ? 
can these canisters be `` stacked '' ? 
what is the largest diameter that will fit through the glass mouth ? 
does this canister set come in red 
how noisy is it ? 
has anyone tried making mesquite flour with it ? 
will this or any other grain mill you know of make nut flours as well ? 
steel or stone burrs ? 
it works on 220 v , or only 110 v ? 
can i use it to grind almonds ? 
how many gallons 
is the tank glass , plastic or plexi ? 
do you still need to change the tank 's water in this kind of set-up ? 
is it self cleaning ? 
i need two for head board and two for foot board , does a set of 2 accomplish this ? 
i assume this will also convert a full-size to a queen=size ? 
will this work to bolt frame to headboard made from old wood pocket doorll have to be drilled into headboard ? 
can this be used to convert a full-size headboard to a queen frame , or is there a similar one that would do that ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
title says king kooker ci21gs 21-inch , description says king kooker 9.25 '' x 15.75 '' , is this with and with out handles ? 
is this griddle for single burner or double burner ? 
can you use on a gas grill 
do you have any problems with juices spilling over and onto stove ? 
how do you keep this pan seasoned since each side comes in contact with a direct flame ? 
what is the length and width ? 
would it work with the 424 colman duel fuel stove 
how wide is it ? 
does it have a lip around it so things do n't fall off ? 
what is the cost to run this heater ? 
what is the lowest setting , degrees 
is it safe like endenpure 
what is the manufacter included warrenty ? 
how many watts is this unit ? 
there is no information of whether this unit has a fan , if it is thermostatically and speed controlled and what the cfm rating . 
in the comparison it says the warranty is `` 5 years on all components '' but the product desc it says , `` all electrical components are warrantied for 1 yr 
how high are the chairs 
is this stained solid wood or veneer ? 
how many ounces does each one hold ? 
what are actual dimensions 
exact size 
does the power recliner allow infinite positions leading to lay flat , or only fixed positions ? 
what is the width across the seat ? 
can this chair be operated with battery only ? 
does this chair lay down flat 
where do you locate model # ? 
what type of microfiber is this and where is the material made 
re previous quesiton shipping to australia was looking at buying 4 lots of the items 
are the wine glasses acrylic or glass ? 
is this color a bright yellow or a more subtle yellow ? 
would a honda 2000 watt generator be able to power this machine ? 
can you steam and brew at the same time on the 15 amp mode ? 
is this a plumbed in machine or does it have a water reservoir ? 
does this style work on champagne bottles as well ? 
what are the dimensions of the two replacement carafes 
is this a bodum carafe or a generic replacement ? 
how tall and wide is this ? 
does this fit the bodum brazil 1-liter 34-ounce french press coffeemaker ? 
my bodum press has the number `` 49 '' on the side under the instructions that are screened on - is this the correct replacement ? 
what is the size ? 
this product , or is compatible with the french coffee press ( , 34 oz 1 liter ) sterlingpro8 cup 4 mug ? 
is it dishwasher safe 
does this really have a lifetime guarantee ? 
which blade is for dice , fries , slices im a bit confused ? 
how do you know what setting to turn to for each kind of slice ? 
how do you use the shredder ? 
is there a safety cover over the blade for storing ? 
how do i slice a carrot on this slicer ? 
if you took the trays off , is this sturdy enough to sit on ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
do the trays fit inside the ottoman ? 
what are the straps inside the ottoman for ? 
do these have laser etching inside the glass on the bottom ? 
can they put in refrigerator 
why are these so expensive ? 
are these glasses nucleated ? 
lead-free ? 
can you freeze the glass ? 
what is the limited lifetime warranty ? 
is the coating ptfe-pfoa-cadmium free ? 
where is it made ? 
can greenpan open fry pan be placed in the oven ? 
what are the dimensions of this jar ? 
is it red or burnt orange ? 
how tall is this cookie jar ? 
is there an airtight seal on the opening of the cookie jar to keep cookies fresh ? 
how many volts is the iron ? 
where is this made ? 
does it have automatic shut-off ? 
is it made in japan ? 
can you stack 2 of these on top of each other ? 
will the keurig 2.0 fit on this ? 
any problems with stacking the keurig machine on top ? 
will this hold a bunn my cafe mcu machine on top ? 
will this hold the keurig b150 commerical brewer 
what color is this iron storage ? 
is this mat soft feeling , the tile in the shower hurts my feet 
is it machine washable ? 
are people finding that these last a long time ? 
what % is down , what % is feather ? 
since i sleep on my stomach with my arms under my pillow , i am looking for something that is very thin - would this fit that description ? 
will this fit a regular mouth 1 pint ball mason drinking jar with handle ? 
will this one fit a regular mouth mason jar ? 
will this fit a small canning jar , such as an 8oz jelly jar ? 
does this have to be mounted into the wall , or does it stand free ? 
will this stand accommodate a vizio 50 inch tv ? 
i have a samsung 32 `` flat screen will the holes line up ? 
would this work for a 60 '' tv ? 
will i be able to mount a samsung un46h5203 46-inch ? 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
what tools are required for assembly ? 
is it possible to remove ( or leave out ) the desktop shelves ? 
what is the lengthe and width of the desk 
do you feel like the desktop is deep enough to have your flat screen monitor ( small to average size ) and a keyboard both on ? 
is oak the description of the finish or is the desk actually made of oak ? 
is it already assembled ? 
how wide is this desk ? 
would it be possible to have the hutch mirrored to the other side ? 
what are the heights of each canister ? 
are these screw on tops ? 
how much spaghetti does the tall canister hold ? 
what is the opening size on the canisters ? 
do these rust ? 
is this made by keurig & amp ; bpa free ? 
will it fit keurig b130 ? 
does it fit bvmc kg1 
does the lid screw on , or just push down ? 
will it fit k130 ? 
does it fit my mini , model b30 ? 
does this fit the keurig k40 ? 
does it fit keurig 2.0 550 ? 
does this work with k10 ? 
will these work for hot chocolates & amp ; fit in a k10 brewer ? 
does it have a fan inside for even distribution of heat ? 
what are the dimensions of this toaster 
can you fit a regular size di giorno or freschetta in ? 
are you able to fit a 9 x 13 pan in this oven ? 
what is the largest size pan that this oven will hold ? ... will it hold a 13x9 baking pan ? ... . 
does the tray slide out when you open the door ? 
what is a pizza bump 
in the description it tells me it is a convection oven but when i zoom in on the picture i do n't see convection on the dial knobs like model 313331 
does the bed skirt cover the back too , or only the front and sides ? 
is it sage with white or cream ? 
is this machine washable ? 
is it queen sized ? 
what are the container sizes 
are all the lids the same size ? 
the nozzle on my sweeper no longer has any suction i have cleaned the entire sweeper and still can not get it to suck would appreciate any help 
i have rather small hands , even for a woman , some handles are very difficilt to grasp , what is the diameter on this handle ? 
does the brushroll cleaner really work ? 
does this electrolux precision brushroll vacuum do a good job picking up dog hair ? 
is this bag strong enough to hold pottery sold at street fairs 
is this bag handle twisted or made of flat paper ? 
do u happen to have the gusset dimensions of the bag ? 
is the 10 1 4 '' height inclusive of the handle , or no ? 
what are the exact dimensions of the bag itself , not including the handle ? 
does this bag have the words 100 % recycled and the manufacturer 's name printed on the bag ? 
demensions of rug ? 
what size is rug and contour rug in set ? 
what size is the rug ? 
do the racks nest inside each other for compact storage ? 
do you have deep food inserts available ? 
how many chafer dish 's and stands do you get 
does the stand able to fold it for storage ? 
this is an awfully low price , are these any good or are they flimsy ? 
is each of the 4 dishes 8qt capacity or total of all 4 the 8qt 
does it have metal brackets to hold the lid open ? 
is the stand included ? 
is set 
what are the dimensions of the package ? 
where is the cord located and can it be shortened using an aftermarket plug ? 
where is the on off switch on the amba rwh-sb towel warmer ? 
what is the breakdown of cotton percentage ? 
how do you put this on your mattress .does it go on like a glove or like any other mattress covers 
is this mattress cover good to protect against bed bugs ? 
is this safe for a foam mattress ? 
what is warrantied on this cover and for how long ? 
does it feel awful at night and make you sweat ? 
is this a thin mattress cover ? 
is it alright to dry these towels in the dryer ? 
are the towels warm when wrapped around your body ? 
are they cotton loop on the inside ? 
so are these 100 % cotton , or are they 60 % rayon 40 % ? 
could this be used like a pashmina wrap also ? 
where are these made ? 
how do you care for these towels ? 
will this match a brushed nickel moen faucet ? 
what are the wall opening dimensions needed for this cabinet ? 
where is made ? 
is it bpa free ? 
how tall is this mug 
what color and fabric is the back ? 
does it lay completely flat when the back is down for sleeping ? 
how fast is shipping ? 
what size sheets do you use for this futon ? 
want to again make sure this is pure white white , not off white or vanilla 
inside diameter please 
how many pounds of asparagus can it cook at one time ? 
are this only for heles or can it also be used with flats ? 
how wide will the wood open to ? 
will this stretch shoes made of man-made materials , not leather ? 
the shoes i want to stretch are a size 8. should i buy a large stretcher ? 
is this one or a set of 2 stretchers ? 
could this be used for heels that are only 2 3 4 '' high ? 
how wide does the wood separate ? 
i stretched a leather shoe using this product by gradually expanding over 3 days.upon removal , the shoe fit but did not remain stretched.why ? 
what is heaviest weight a person can be to set safely in recliner ? 
what is the width of the chair ? - please include dimensions 
what is the length of the spoons ? 
is the front and back of the spoon one smooth piece , or is the back of the handle not smooth ? 
what ismeasurement of spoon ? 
what is the length of the spoon ? 
how long are these spoons ? 
is this a single or double-edged knife ? 
where is santoku made ? 
is the knife full tang ? 
is this knife made in japan ? 
how long is the cord ? 
is this a self-priming pump ? 
can i adjust the speed ? 
is this pump food grade 
what are your measurements and your weight ? 
what assembly has to be done ? 
what are the dementions 
thickness ? 
does this fit a standard tub shower combo ? 
how hard easy is it to keep clean ( for those who 've had it a while ) ? 
do these fit an extra long full mattress ? 
what is the lowest temp at which unit will operate at 
why when people ask if the fan ( not compressor ) shuts off when the compressor stops , or soon after , there are conflicting answers here & amp ; other sites ? 
do you have to have the dehumidifier higher then drain for it to work ? 
what is the warranty on the frigidaire fad704dwd dehumidifier ? 
how is this in low temperature basements ? 
what is a suitable drain ? 
how wide is the mouth ? 
what are the dimensions on these jars ? 
how many onces per jar ? 
are these glass jars ? 
what is the dimensions 
how big are these jars ? 
will the bonded color prevent them from being used on a magnetic knife rack ? 
do these come with the sleeves ? 
can they be sharpened 
are the drop dangle faux crystals made of glass or acrylic ? 
how much space it occupies in packaged form ? 
what is the diameter of the top tier ? 
what is the bench weight capacity 
can you pop the top of and recover it ? 
what are measurements of bench ? 
dimensions 
dimensions of bench ? 
if i wanted to use this stand for a 65 '' tv weighing 90lb , is it going to be easy or to occasionally move the stand closer or farther as needed ? 
how easy to put together - 
anyone else have any problems installing the 3 metal panel attached to the back ? 
do the wheels have a lock on them 
what are the dimensions for the area where the subwoofer sits ? 
will this work with a samsung 75 the distance between the legs is around 58 inches and weight is 75 lb 
does this set ship in 1 box or 2 ? 
is there any way to attach a tv mount to this stand ? 
can i use this stand without the casters ? 
any carpet rake marks after use ? 
how stiff are the bristles ? 
does it remove pet hair 
does it scale accurately weight items that are small and weight only about one or two grams ? 
does this scale have a calibration mode ? 
if you set for grams when you use scale the next time do you have to set to grams again or will it stay set to grams ? 
what are the measurements of the scale and bowl ? 
does this remember the weight when it 's turned on ? 
does the display time out after short period of time ... as in saving battery feature ... i am more interested in walking away and coming back 
how quickly does the scale automatically turn off if you 're not actively using it ? 
does it come with batteries or is adaptable with a charger ? 
where is this product made ? 
is there any coating or laquer over the utensils ? 
hi what is the size of the containers are ? 
would sandpaper be an effective way to clean these remove mold ? 
does this product carry forest stewardship council ( fsc ) label or a similar `` earth-friendly '' certified label organizations ? 
are they heat resistant ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
is it real leather ? 
does it comes already assembled ? 
what is the actual height of the seat ? 
what are the dimensions for this product ? 
dimensions 
i need to know if the heating element is in the oil reservoir or underneath like frydaddy ? 
how long does it take to deep fry `` nice n crispy '' fried chicken 
what is the wattage ? 
are parts available for this unit if , say , a thermacouple needs to be replaced , for example ? 
does this fryer have a magnetic electric cord ? 
does it works on 220 volt ? 
can you get parts and service for this ? 
how wide is the fryer , is it wide enough ro fry calzones ? 
what is the height of this sifter ? 
is this easy to clean ? 
where is the sifter made 
what series stainless steel is it manufactured from ? 
how wide is the sifter ? 
would this towel be suitable as a beach towel ? 
do they really fall apart ? 
how thick is this pillow ? 
how far does you head sink in when it settles ? 
how many pounds is it ? 
can you use melted chocolate in the mold ? 
what size is the rose only ? 
may i use your molds for soap making ? 
wanted to know if u can use fondant in the mould ? 
any idea of the btu rating of this burner ? 
does it need a pressure regulator ? 
can you use indoor kitchen ? 
what is the diameter of both the 32 and 23 burners ? 
do you have free shipping 
will this be long enough for a 6'3 ' man ? 
does this have a removable cover ? 
is it possible to fold this all the way when sheets bedding are on it or does the mattress have to be stripped in order to fold ? 
can anyone compare this to the http : smile.amazon.com gp product b0 ... ? 
would this mattress be considered firm or very firm ? 
for any person who has owned this blacket for some time , do you notice any issue with pilling shedding ( like many other electric blankets do ) ? 
where it make that from ? 
can you use an extension cord ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
size of the twin and queen 
the stool is not included , right ? 
looking for a vanity for our 6 yr. old grandaughter ... would this vanity for her ? 
what is the width of the mirror ? 
what are dimensions ? 
my kit did not come with the 2 large o rings , any idea what exact size o ring i need to fix this issue ? 
will these fit on a low profile sankey tap or only the standard size show in the picture ? 
are these stainless steel 304 ? 
how can you differentiate between the gas and liquid posts ? 
what is the rating for firmness ? 
would you class this mattress as firm , soft , or in between ? 
i know it is part of the beauty sleep line , but is there a more specific model name ? 
can anyone say whether this comes with a base or is it only the mattress ? 
can you use both sides of the mattress ? 
does it have box spring . 
is this a queen sized set ? 
is this a shoreview plush 
will this sauce pot wirk as a dutch oven 
is it made in france or china ? 
i am wondering if there is a little hole on the lid for vapor come out ? 
induction compatible ? 
what is the depth and inside diameter ? 
could someone please measure the actual size of the pot without lid or handles ? 
does this make you hot when sleeping ? 
will this have any pillow case cover also available with this item ? or just a matress pad only ? 
is it noisey 
weight 
how do i get a copy of the warrantee ? 
is this cookware good for induction cooktops ? 
what are the sizes of the pans 
is this set safe to use on a ceran glass cooktop ? 
will this work with induction cooking ? 
where is it made ? 
are they good for induction cooking ? 
are the bottoms of the pots aluminum or stainless and are they multiclad or 1 layer thick ? 
how often do each of the filters have to be changed ? 
does ths purifier take away the smoke too ? 
does it rust ? 
are these knives made in germany or are they made in china ? 
are they rated higher than the hinckel set for $ 89 ? 
are these forged ? 
how do you send the picture ? 
can you use this in a bathroom ? 
what is the grade of stainless steel ? 
are the plastic parts dishwasher safe ? 
is there a way to switch the drainage lip so that it can drain from the long side into the sink ? 
what are the dimensions of the bottom tray ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
can this king size blanket be used on a queen size bed to ensure `00 % heat coverage ? 
washing instructions ? 
how to control the temperature on each side of the blanket 
does each controller plug in separately at the bottom or is it one plug 
does this have satin binding 
is 100 by 90 or larger 
is the top glass or plexiglass or plastic ? 
what is the length of the spoons included ? 
is it gold in color 
is this set gold in color 
what is the size 
what size is this mat ? 
what is the size 
what are the measurements of this mat , width , length and thickness ? 
can you use this mold for epoxy resin projects as well i was told you can use any silicone base molds for it so before i purchase it i just want to make sure i can use for resin projects . 
what size is the flower ? 
can you use this for polymer clay like sculpey iii ? 
how much do they hold ? 
what are these made of ? 
is this made in usa ? 
does room temperature affect what u have blanket setting on ? 
how hot does the blanket get ? 
should any additional material be placed over over the heated blanket ? 
does it work with 220v electricity ? 
does the right left side heat independently ? 
are controls wireless ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
what is the width from clasp to clasp ? 
what is the height of the spice jars ? 
how large are they in diameter ? 
have you this model in 220 volts form ? 
can the mixer mix really hard dough ? 
my 7qt mixer made ticking clicking noise only when kneading bread dough ( 3cups flour at speed 2 ) , is this normal ? 
what made you chose this over the commercial one ? 
can you use this just as an air purifier , without the heat function running ? 
is the bedspread entirely burgundy , or is that white section part of the bedspread as shown on the above photo ? 
king measurements ? 
what are the dimensions of the comforter ? 
has anyone ever used this inside of a piano ? 
is it used on 220 v 
can you use this on pants or shorts without pockets too ? 
if you 're trying to pull your keys off with one hand ( without holding onto the clip with your other hand ) , does the clip come off your purse ? 
what exactly is this and how do you use it ? 
thanks for the info re : power hitter all set now 
does the jr. work as well as the full size ? 
how many hits does this last for ? 
what exactly is this and how do you use it ? 
will i have any problems installing the headboard and footboard from a carter 's crib that allows the frame to be converted into a full size bed ? 
is there a warranty 
can i put 2 of these side by side to make 1 large bed ? 
can this be used without a box spring ? 
can this be attached to a headboard ? 
product dimensions : 75 x 75 x 7 inches , is this for the king size matress or twin size ? 
do you need a box spring with this frame ? 
do the casters rotate ? 
gift mailed 
kind of fabric and does it have zipper ? 
is it vinyl or cloth ? 
how do you know what color you will be ordering , there is not an option . 
is it zippered ? 
what do you recommend for powering it with a fixed motor , i would like to know the shaft size , recommended rpm , and size motor required . 
what 's the size of the package upon shipment ? 
can it grind corn ? 
will it take the husk off wheat , or is it design just for crushing ? 
are the holes bigger and deeper than the cast iron takoyaki pan on the same page ? 
is this actually cast iron without any coatings such as ceramic , paint , or other non-stick coatings on it ? 
is the kotobuki 410-647 takoyaki pan painted ( like other cast iron takoyaki pans on amazon e.g. , tbt3 ) , or is it bare , unseasoned cast iron ? 
are these sheets a wrinkled mess when they emerge from the dryer ? 
did they feel like sateen or cotton ? 
what is the size of the fitted sheet pocket ? 
is it bpa free ? 
does it come with any recipes , like beef stew or pea soup ? 
can you cook more than just rice in this ? 
1. what is the quart size of this 2. does this come with a cook book ? 
can you also steam vegetables in this ? 
can we cook lentils using this ? 
can a box spring be used ? 
what is height between bed and floor 
what is the weight limit for this bed ? 
does this come with a mattress 
does come with the head board shown correct ? 
what is the thread count ? 
do the twin sheet fit a twin xl bed ? 
what type of fabric is used in your sheets ? 
when you say 1800 series , what is the thread count ? 
does this set include pillow covers 
so this can measure both humidity and the temperature 
if 120 volt line power is shut-off , does the unit retain its calibration and high low settings in memory ? 
can i use this to replace a humidity control that fits in duct work and connects to the furnace to turn on when calling for heat and then shuts off 
can it be set up to turn on off a small humidifier to keep humidity in a space to a selected humidity ( 45 % in my case ) ? 
how long is the probe wire ? 
can you hook up a humidifier to turn on if the rh is below a value , and to turn on a dehumidifier if the rh is above a value ? 
can the probe wire be extended ? 
how big is this ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
how thick is the plastic ? 
is it bpa free 
does it collapse for storage ? 
can you fit a large size cupcake 
will the tall one store spaghetti or is it too short ? 
how much each cylinder holds in cups ? 
is the red metallic ? 
is it difficult to scoop out of these containers without making a mess because they are so narrow ? 
how big of a room can this be used in 
how often do you need to replace the cartridges for hard water ? 
are the crock and lid dishwasher safe ? 
does this unit have a rubber ring on the lid ? 
is the insert stoneware or some other material ? 
does this model ( 33453 ) come with a cookbook ? 
does the exterior of the slow cooker get too hot to touch ? 
does this slow cooker automatically switch to warm after the timer runs out ? 
is there a center console ? 
does it recline farther back or just as far as it is in the picture ? 
how difficult is it to assemble ? 
is this type of material conducive for dogs ? 
are the backs removable for easy moving 
is there a matching reclining loveseat ? 
what are the shipping dimensions ? 
will this be able to be delivered up to a 2nd story apartment ? 
does anyone know of a temp to relationship of ohms chart for the temp sensor ? 
is this clear glass or does it have a bluish tint ? 
are they large enough to hold the icing tip ? 
are they strong enough for chocolate piping and filling ? 
why does it say 12inch when it suppose to be 21 
this has to be a mistake , this pan ca n't possibly weigh 11.9 lbs , right ? 
can these greenpans be washed in the dishwasher ? 
can these pans be used on an induction stove ? 
where is this product made ? 
i am having trouble finding the lid that fits in this pan , do you suggest any ? 
is there a matching toilet seat cover available ? 
is it bpa free ? 
anyone have the motor go out other than the 1 bad review ? 
it support power of 220v ac ? 
i have previously purchased one.. is there anywhere or anyway to buy more of the cups with the closing lids ? 
there are no recycling codes on any of the plastic parts and no information on the box or in the instruction manual to tell me if this bpa free ... ? 
where was it made 
where can i get a replacement gasket ? 
what are the measurements 
will all three choices of this rack rust if placed outside ? 
what is the weight limit on the shelves ? 
what is the height between shelves and are the bottom shelves deeper than the top ones ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is this stoneware or the typical lightweight corelle ware ? 
do corelle get hot to the touch in the microwave ? 
are the corelle dishes microwave safe ? 
is it possible to also purchase the matching fitted sheet and flat sheet as shown in the picture ? 
what is the thread count ? 
can i also order the other pillow cases and the heart pillow shown in the picture ? 
can you use both sides of the board ? 
how is the juice groove - large enough ? 
what are the dimensions in inches ? 
how is this cutting board as far as slipping around the countertop ? 
why is is not steaming 
has anyone used the steamer on laminate flooring ? 
how do i unstop it ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
i need replacement for the foam rubber slip that goes over the filter and i ca n't find them ... ... can you help ? 
after reading the first few reviews about the difficulty using the steam portion of this vacuum , i am wondering if i should look at another brand ? 
does it adjust to different heights or just the one shown 
can this frame be set inside my existing wooden frame if i remove the slats and box spring ? 
is there a way to attache a head board , like on a traditional hollywood type bed frame ? 
from the pictures of the frame it looks like there is a very wide gap and that the mattress might go down into it and cause problems for a memory foam 
can you use a regular mattress ( sterns & amp ; foster ) on this frame ? 
can this adjust to make you sit up , and what is the weight limit 
can i use the mattress i already have ? 
does a mattress come with the frame ? 
does this bed incline to different angles of the head elevation ? 
would this set work for a 2 year old and 5 year old 
is the made of plastic ? 
can you buy two extra chairs to go with this set 
what are the dimensions of the table ? 
what do you use to clean table ? 
what is the weight of the packed product because i an shipping it out of the us ? 
hi everyone , would you say this table is washable for example if they drew all over it with crayons ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the length of the whole box ? 
does this product have a bottom any case items leak ? 
how much does each compartment hold ? 
do you know where to buy replacement cushions for these in red perhaps ? 
what is this chair made of ? 
what is the weight limit of the chair ? 
can you use the chair without the cushion ? 
what is the seat height-distance from the ground ? 
what are the dimensions of the seat cushion ? 
can this sit out in the whether uncovered . 
does the pitcher absorb smells permanently from its contents -- eg , fruity blends ? 
can i use this for iced coffee ? 
can boiling water be used in either container ? 
is this item glass or bpa safe plastic with silicone handle ? 
what size and how many batteries for pepper mill 
how easy is this to fill..do you use a small funnel or what ? 
can you use pepper in both of them ? 
can you get small and large pepper grind ? 
why would anyone need this ? 
what is the difference between the $ 25 and the $ 28 grinders ? 
can you use it like a step stool , and store something inside ? 
buying this as a ottoman for sitting at a dressing table but people saying its bean baggish is pushing me off does it sink in like a bean bag ? 
dose this cart come in a larger size 
is handle length adjustable 
how do you get the wheels off to be replaced with new ones ? 
how do you go down stairs with a load ? 
how flat does it fold ? 
folded or collapsed dimensions 
is this air brushed ? 
can these be hung vertically as well ? 
what colors are in the picture 
how long after your initial order did you receive this piece ? 
can this be hung outside in my garden fully exposed to weather ? 
what size are the individual panels ? 
does this wrap rack take bigger wraps ? 
what are the isdie dimensions of the two sections that jold items ? 
how does it handle costco size wraps ? 
will it attach to my excisting rack for spices 
will it fit on the inside of a kitchen cabinet ? 
are the screws included for the cabinet mounting ? 
what color is the sheet ? 
it 's 100 % coot tan this bedding sets ? 
what is the fabric ? 
what is the thread count and material of the sheets and pillow cases ? 
what are the materials for the comforter and shams ? 
what is the color on the other side of the conforter ? 
what color is the tray , clear or white ? 
what are the measurements ? 
how many plates does it hold ? 
does it have any warranty 
rust 
what are the dimensions ? 
does it fit well inside sink 
what are the dimensions ? 
can you use the very top as a shelf 
what is the weight limit on the hanging bar ? 
how many inches is the hanging bar ? 
how far is it from screw hole to screw hole on the swivel plate ? 
installation of round swivel base flexsteel 
how do i measure my lazyboy recliner to know which swivel base to order ? 
can the revolution use the 130l carbonation tanks ? 
can you use this machine to carbonate juices or wine ? 
do you ship international ? 
where is it manufactured ? 
does the co2 container come filled with co2 or do you have to get it filled ? 
can this item be shipped overseas ? 
does a recipe book come with this bowl and what sort of ingredients are needed to make the ice cream ( heavy cream , lots of sugar , etc . ) 
we have the bem800xl ; this wo n't work with it , will it ? 
does this mixer come with steel wire whisk and paddle attachment ? 
does this bowl have to be put in the freezer to chill it prior to use ? 
how does this mixer compare to other mixers for power 
what is the non-stick surface made of ? 
does this crock pot come with a lid that can be snapped on securely for travel ? 
how do i get a replacement lid ? 
does this model make pastas or is that the more expensive 3-1 ? 
does the interior come out for easy cleaning ? 
can they be left outside to use on an outdoor bar ? 
how tall is the seat 
what is the the width and depth of the seat and at the widest part of the legs by the footrest ? 
if you order 4 , is there a break in the cost of shipping ? 
do really wish they made these in 24 '' seat height : ) ? 
how much weight does it hold ? 
does it come in a 24 inch 
dose this come with the attachments or are they separate ? 
is the floor attachment safe for delicate hardwood floors ? 
does this come with the attachments ... mainly the beater bar brush 
come with caddy 
are these suitable for 12 '' records without worrying about bending ? 
is this a solid black or brown black ? 
size ? 
what are the dimension sizes of the compartments ? 
what are the dimensions of the curio cabinet 
what are the dimensions of the curio cabinet 
what is the interior depth ? 
what 1 ) are the exterior dimensions , 2 ) height of the tallest compartment , and 3 ) the depth of the compartments ? 
can i buy replacement ( empty ) jars ? 
can you change the spice labels on the top of the jars , or are those permanently labelled . 
is there an expiration date on the spices ? 
it says that the words are etched into the tops so this means they cant not rub off , correct im looking for permanent words on each jar 
what spices are included ? 
would they be okay to use for perfume transfer ( with an alcohol content ) ? 
i need a funnel to pass powdered material through , for making capsules , what is the size of the stem , can powder go through it ? 
is the diameter of the funnel stem less than 1 4 '' ? 
are these funnels small enough to fill a mascara tube ? 
does this product have claws for both the headboard and footboard ? 
our bed side rails only have one hook and when installing these ( with two hooks ) it does not fit tightly - the hooks go in but they dont catch - wobbl 
what is the length of the rail from headboard to footboard ? 
can a slat roll be placed on this frame so that a box spring can be eliminated ? 
how many square feet does it cover 
can ionizer be turned off ? 
can ionizer be turned off ? 
how deep are the shelves at the top of the piece ? 
are the drawers able to be used as file holders or is the configuration not setup for that ? 
what is the dimension between the shelves ? 
what is the exact width of this unit please ( dimensions across ) not depth 
would the drawers be great for storing dvd 's and if anyone has how many did it hold per drawer . 
does the bookshelf lean or does it have feet on the back of the shelves ? 
i wanted to put a receiver , playstation and cable box on this shelf. , would that be possible ? 
does this unit have a carbon filter catridge ? 
can you please tell me all of the dimensions ? 
what are the measurments ? 
can you stack these two high ? 
is this metal ? 
will this hold the weight of the new keurig 2.0 k550 ? 
can any of these types of storage drawers accommodate the new k carafes ? 
can this be used for tassimo t-pods ? 
can you put a regular coffee maker on this ? 
does it come with the coffee pods stocked or do you buy them seperate 
will this fit the lodge p14w3 wok handles ? 
do you get one or two handle holders ? 
what is the maximum safe oven temperature for these holders ? 
is this sold in a packet of qty 2 or as a qty 1 single holder ? 
does it fit the lodge l8sgp3 square grill 
dimensions ? dimensions 
how thick is the cedar , and how thick is the ply ? 
what are the proper dimensions ? 
when is amazon going to change the advertised dimensions to actual dimensions ? 
what are dimensions of this tray ? 
what else do i need to use it with my sodastream ? 
does this tank have a dot tc certification ? 
does this chair recline halfway too or just all the way back 
is it comfortable enough to sleep in ? 
how many pieces does it come in ? 
what is the height of the `` floor to seat '' when in upright position ? 
how much does the chair ( with shipping ) weigh ? 
does the foot rest come all the way up without reclining the back ? 
what size are the baskets ? 
is the metal a shiny chrome or more of a brushed nickel finish ? 
how much fruit can this basket ( s ) hold ? 
how tall is this fruit holder ? 
how tall is it ? 
is it all stainless steel 
are there any issues with green algae growing on the bottom of this pitcher as there are with clear ones ? 
is the filter light supposed to stay on ? 
does it remove floride ? 
is the pitcher able to be refrigerated ? 
what is the height ? 
where is the pillow made and from what country does the feathers come from 
does the set come with a bed skirt 
so this set will include twin size fitted sheet , flat sheet , 1 or 2 pillow case and 1 comforter ? 
does this come with pillow case 
can it be completely underwater in case of a flooded gutter ? 
how well does it work on long pine needles ? 
do we need to remove the gutter cover ? 
can i sit on the roof 5 feet away from the gutter and mechanically drive it into the gutter ? 
are these stackable ? 
howhat is the ditance from the floor to the bottom of the top shelf so i know if it will fit over my couch ? 
what do you know about the coaster home furnishing 901007 rectangular snack table ? 
what is it made of ? 
what is it made of ? 
do i need any special tools or physical strength to assemble this snack table ? 
can i stack 2 laptops on it ? 
is it really only 24 '' tall ? 
can i use this die with my spellbinder grand calibur ? 
what size are these stars ? 
what is the size of the star ? 
can you use this in a cuttle bug ? 
does this die cut soda pop cans 
what is the width of the pan bottom ? 
where is it made ? 
can the top ( upper body ) measuring cups sit flat on their heads so may sit full with dry ingredients ? 
are these for dry measurements or wet ? 
what are they made of ? 
can the top ( upper body ) measuring cups sit flat on a counter on their heads with opening facing up ? 
are these for dry measurements or wet ? 
is this same as epica ? would that fit epica 
i need the frother for model 003. is this the part i need ? 
are these replacement parts - high and low magnetic froth attachments - going to work properly in nesspresso model 3192 ? 
movable shelves ? 
is this bookcase shipped assembled ? 
does the instruction manual come with this shelf bookcase ? 
on a scale of one to tippy ... .how likely is it to fall over ? 
ok so they randomly ship out units between 8 oz and 27 oz ? 
test for induction use by placing magnet to bottomof frothier , need to know if can be used on induction stove top 
don ; t see on instructions -- - is it dishwasher safe 
is it truly 27 oz 
is it battery operated or does it plug in ? 
is there a warranty 
how tall is the shaft that is to be immersed 
how long is the shaft ? 
mayonnaise 
can you whip egg whites , meringue , with this ? 
is it dual voltage ? 
is this dual voltage or strictly 110 ? 
what are the inside dimensions please ? 
does the mechanism for the lift top have the potential to pinch little kid fingers ? 
just got this ottoman but have a question : do you install the wood legs and the wheels together or do you have to choose one or the other ? 
approximate weight ? 
is the whole pillow washable or only the cover ? 
i purchased mine to tie to the car seat , but it did n't come with something to tie it with , any suggestions on how to tie it to the head-rest ? 
what do you use the tie the loops together to get it to stay put ? 
what are the dimensions of this pillow ? 
is the frame intended to hold the sleeve with the album stored in it ? 
it is easy to change the vinyl on display as the album i want to frame is the most played on my turntable 
what is the inside `` viewable '' dimension.. ? 
if i buy 6 of these frames , may the shipping rate be adjusted so that i do n't have to pay the indicated amount for each frame ? 
how heavy is the item ? 
will this display the circular vinyl record or only the cardboard album cover ? 
how wide is this 
what color is the script ? 
would this bench work as a coffee table in front of a long off white leather sofa ? 
what is the depth of the inside of the bench ? 
what color are the legs ? 
how deep is the trunk ? 
what are the deminsions ? 
does the flame change colors 
does this come with rocks like some electric fireplaces ? 
does it say on the packaging a weight limit ? 
can i hang a towel on it 
can these be used inside the shower ? 
are the command medium designer hooks , brushed nickel , 2-hooks made of metal or plastic ? 
waterproof 
keeping the glass clean ... ..is this an issue ? 
does the toaster emit an odor during initial use ? 
are you getting the uneven toasting as stated by some reviewers ? 
what is the wattage ? 
is the toaster clear on both sides ? 
what is the wattage of this toaster 
what tools do you need for the assembly ? 
what is the width of top shelf ? 
can you really put a printer on that top shelf ? 
what are the dimensions of the cpu compartment ? 
can you tell me the % of carbon in this product ? 
can this be used as filter for a micro wave oven ? 
how thick is this ? 
do you get one aqua rug for this price , or two as included in the offer on tv ? 
how do you clean an aqua rug 
how do you clean aqua rug when backing gets yucky ? 
is this item 17x291 2 as indicated on the box or the dimensions indicated in the description ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what size is it 
is it machine washable ? 
washing instructions for aqua rug ? 
what is the warranty on the dash chef blender ? 
how does this blender do with nut butters or similar ? 
does this blender make ice cream ? 
does this blender come with tehe factory 7 yr warranty ? 
does this blender cook the vegetables when you make soup . 
how do you change the charcoal filter 
what number filter does this take ? 
what is the advantage of having a container with a filter ? 
fruit flies 
is this more of a shiny stainless or a brushed stainless ? 
how many people had a problem with it attracting fruit flies ? 
will the scraps actually compost in this or must they be moved to a regular compost bin ? 
cand you use this griddle to boil something ( spagetti os ) 
does this have an automatic shut-off timer for all 3 functions ? 
can i use it in uk where the voltage is 220 ? 
how many watts does this item use ? 
does the round griddle pan come out for cleaning or is it part of the unit ? 
is this good for humidity 90 in ct . 
i just need this as a humidifier is it a pump system that pumps the water or a wicking system ? 
i am looking for a swamp cooler with a pump and not a wicking system due to our water we have is this a pump system and are there different models ? 
i want to use on an outdoor deck that is pretty much open but is covered ... ..deck is attached and is in the sun all day ... will this unit help cool ? 
what is the main difference between a swamp cooler and the kuulaire ? 
is it made in texas or china ? 
the operation manual was throw out by mistake how do i get another one , it keep giving me an f1 error 
how many watts is it 
does it have auto shut-off ? 
color 
is it bpa free ? 
what volume does it hold ? 
is the mixer made of glass or plastic ? 
where can we buy the replacement hepa filter , and how much does it cost ? 
how many amps ? 
does it lay flat for under bed vacuuming ? 
does it have a brush or just a hole that sucks dirt into it ? 
where is this product made ? 
how does it work ? 
where how do i get replacement fans blades 
can it be used without water ? 
how much water er hour does it use and what is the pressure required for misting to be a fine mist . 
what is the warranty 
how many ounces 
use on hardwood floors 
is it easy to use and reliable 
is there a warrantee and how long ? 
how good is this vacuum at sucking up kitty litter from the carpet ? 
does the brushroll turn off on the hardwood setting ? 
how do you connect the hose to use the attachments ? 
does it hot blow dirty air into the room 
does it blow dirty air into the room or is it a closed system ? 
is this as effective as an air purifer with a hepa filter ? 
does `` optional pre-filter '' mean the cleaner can also work without a pre-filter ? 
does it remove smoke 
what is an ionizer 
i know it has auto-shut off , but can it turn-on by itself then off , while i 'm at work ? 
how effective is that if i move this purifier room by room ( a day in each room ) or is it better to keep it all the time in the same room ? 
how noisy is it ? 
what is the difference in features between the 9595 and the 3918 ? 
how is it on bare floors ? 
what cleaning attachments come with this model ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
can you set this up the night before and just start it in the morning ? 
clean thermal carafe 
what is the cord length ? 
glass 
is bonavia bv1800 made in germany ? 
where can i buy a replacement thermal carafe for the bonavita bv1800th ? 
does the coffee maker come with some paper filters included , or is that something i must buy separately ? 
is this zippered or fitted ? 
is this item machine washable ? 
is this waterproof enough to be a complete barrier for a potty training toddler who will have accidents ? 
what is height of mattress this encases ? 
is this made of polyester or 100 % cotton ? 
is this really waterproof ? 
i lost my instructions , how do i obtain another copy ? 
is this bed good for a teenager ? 
how can i get assenbly instructions ? 
what are the measurements with desk pulled out 
are the drawers under the bed spacious enough to be used as a dresser or would you need more room ? 
would a pre-teen find this bed set big enough ? 
can the desk be placed on the other side ? 
with the shelves , desk , and ladder still on the right side of the bed , can the desk be in the position of the ladder ? 
where is this made ? 
i lost my instruction book how do i set the clock and timers ? 
can you use a gold metal filter 
is a culligan ez-1 filter acceptable for the brew express bec-110 ? 
is the adaptor plate included to replace the be 112 that this model replaced ? 
can i hook this up to bottled water ( no water pressure ) ? 
how long does the coffee stay hot in the carafe ? 
anyone else have great success with the units life span ? 
is this a joke or something ? 
where is it made ? 
what is the voltage of this product is 220 v or 120 ? 
what are the measurements of this toaster ? 
can it be use in singapore with 240v 
does this grinder grind course enough for french press ? 
where can i get extra jars so i can keep different grinds at the same time ? 
would this screw on to a normal mason jar ? 
will this work for things like flaxseed ? 
can anyone tell me if this is a conical burr grinder , or a wheel burr ? 
can i get parts ? 
where is this made ? 
can you use it on natural stone 
can i use this steam machine to clean my carpets too & amp ; can it stand straight up when not it use ? 
how would this work on sticky hairspray buildup on ceramic tile grout ? 
what size repalcement pads 
is this safe to use on hardwood floors ? 
can i use it to clean my large window on my back door ? 
can i use it on laminate 
do you know if this will fit a board 45 '' x 13 1 2 '' ? 
will this fit a board 18 x 56 ? 
does it fit on amazon 's household essentials extra wide pressing station ? 
does this comforter have corner tabs so that you can tie a duvet cover to it ? 
do you need to by a seprete duvet ? 
is this comforter machine washable ? 
do i need to puncture a hole in the lid of these filters to keep the coffee grounds from backing up into the brown filter cup ? 
will this work with the 2.0 ? 
will this work in the 130 commerical model ? 
will this work on a b30 ? 
is this cup compatible with keurig commercial machines like the b150 ? 
is it a true white or an off-white color ? 
does this cover have ties in the corners to hold down comforter in place ? 
does all the attachments come with it ? 
hi how many years of warranty does it have this mixer ? 
does the mixer tilt up 
does the bowl have a handle and pouring spout ? 
what attachments come with this mixer ? 
what wattage is this mixer please ? 
where is the user manual ? 
does anyone know if you can get spare parts ? 
is the plastic bpa free ? 
dos it chop cheese 
are these new ( no indication on the amazon web site ) ? 
does it really work as good as they say and how many cups does the container hold ... 
can you also plug into an outlet ? 
does it require pre-boiled water or does it have a boiler internally ? 
where it made ? china ? usa ? 
are the same accessories included with this machine as with new machine ? 
is the plastic bpa free ? 
can this cookware be used on induction range tops ? 
considering this set or the cuisinart 77-10 chef 's classic stainless 10-piece cookware set , any suggestions ? 
do the lids have vent holes or are they solid ? 
do the stock pot and saucepan lids fit the skillets ? 
what is the size of each pan in the set ? 
want is the height in inches ? 
is this product really bpa free ? 
hi , is this material glass or plastic ? 
hello is this glass ? ... .cheers 
is it made in usa ? 
what is the height and whatis it made of ? 
can this be put in the top rack of a dishwasher ? 
what weight can the shelf support safely ? 
what are the measurements 
can this shelf be disassembled and reassembled in case of a move ? 
is it for the counter only or can it be hung on the wall ? 
does it hold non standard size wine bottles 
would these work for 2-liter soda bottles ? 
can these units be stacked for additional storage ? 
will this fit 19 w , 9 high and 13 deep if standing on the long end with bottles ? 
does it hold them at enough of a slant that the corks stay whet ? 
the shipping weight says 4 pounds , what is the real weight of just the rack as i doubt it weighs 4 lbs . 
dimensions ? 
does this come with ml markings ? 
why does oxo specifically mention metric measurements when this item only shows imperial units ? 
how many ounces does it hold ? 
will this hold up to fragrance oils ? 
after many trips to the dishwasher , do the markings fade ? 
what is the warranty on this chair 
can you raise the legs without reclining ? 
how wide between arms of the chair 
does this chair come assembled ? 
weight limit for chair and actual width of seat ? 
can you recline the back without raising the leg rest . 
is the weight limit 30 lbs ? 
what year is this specific vacum ? 
can this item work with 220v power ? 
i live in qatar power here is 210 v would this work ? 
do i have to buy extra shampoo from kirby ? 
what guarantee have a vacuum cleaner , bought here ? 
what is the power of this vacuum in amps or whatever 
we use diamond 5 gallon water bottles , will these fit on here 
how cold does the water get 
does it have separate on off controls for the hot and cold switches ? 
is it noisy 
does it hold 3 gallon bottles 
can you use a 3 gallon jug also ? 
are there any child safety features ? 
is the entire rod plastic ? 
is there a seam or bump in the middle ? 
is it adjustable ? 
is this a tension rod ? 
are these stirrers round ? 
are these made in china ? 
are these good for paper beads ? 
what is the outside diameter or circumference ? 
are these made in china ? 
what is the minimum dimension tub opening it will fit ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how much space is between each bar in back ? 
at what height from the floor are the hooks installed on this unit ? 
100 % soapstone ? 
i 'm giving as a gift - what kind of packaging is it in ? 
is there a big benefit with the infuser versus just putting the fruit directly into the water ? 
which pitcher does it go with then ? 
does this have a top or is the top open ? 
will this fit k40 k45 elite brewer ? 
does this fit any of the 2.0 machines ? 
does it fit the k10 b31 mini brewer ? 
does this fit the platinum 70 keurig maker 
fit mod b44 classic ? 
does the k75 come with this filter 
will this fit a k79 ? 
how long does it take to brew a pot of coffee ? 
has anyone had the issue where the condensation from the part that holds the coffee filter will drip down the handle of the coffee pot ? 
can you use the porcelain filter cone in the coffee maker instead of the plastic one that comes with the machine ? 
where was this item manufactured ? 
i realize it would be best to handwash these , but are they dishwasher safe ? 
are these ceramic ? 
can you sharpen them 
is this the kind that is spring loaded to push the napkin to the front ? 
what size napkins does dispenser take 
what napkins does this use ? 
can uv light kill all kinds of bacteria 
so does the light make the germs visible to the human eye ? 
how can a small ( or even large ) uv light kill a bed bug ( unless you simply hit it on the head with the wand ) ? 
how many watts is the light bulb ? 
dimensions ? 
where can you get new bulbs for it ? 
can this unit be plugged into an extension cord ? 
can this be plugged in a regular outlet ? 
how many watts 
is it relatively quiet ? 
will it heat a 2 car garage ? 
including the handle how tall is the heater ? 
is this an automatic shutoff or can i run it past 80 degrees ? 
can it be plugged in using a cigarette lighter 
can you put a plate on it and zero it out then add your food weight or do you have to place it directly on the surface ? 
how much time does it last before switching off automatically ? 
are batteries included ? 
can you tell me what batteries this uses ? 
how long until it automatically turns off ? 
what type of coffee is best to use ? 
what is the differencebetween this & amp ; the fcp280 ? 
does black and decker make these farberware prcolators 
is the body of the pot stainless steel or aluminum ? 
does the farberware 8cup percolator make only 8 cups or does it make 2-8 cups . 
can this percolator be submersed in water for cleaning ? 
how do you clean it ? 
is is 500watt or 1000watt 
is there a light that lets you know when it 's ready ? 
is there some adapter you can get to plug this in an electrical socket and use it in the house ? 
is there enough power for get the sands , dust in the carpet of car ? 
how many watts ? 
is this a wet dry vacuum ? 
wet vac ? 
can it pick up cigarette ash ? 
can you use this on a small campstove or are the pieces too big for it ? 
is this hard annodized aluminum or just teflon coated ? 
who is the manufacturer of this product 
what size pan ? 
what 's the capacity of the pot ? 
is this coffee brewer bpa free ? 
can you use k-cups for this and how ? 
can you use k-cups for this ? 
what is the tallest mug you can put in there ? 
can you use any coffee cup and not just travel cup ? 
what size and type of filter does this use ? 
what is the power consumption ... how many watts ? 
can you brew using a disposable coffee cup ? 
what 's the voltage for this model ? 
is the interior enamel and does it stick 
can this be used in the oven like a dutch oven ? 
where is it made ? 
is it blue or red ? 
can this be used on all cooking surfaces 
which is the heighth and which is the width of this desk table 
do the legs attach to the top , or does the top just lay across the legs ? 
how much weight does this desk support ? 
is it 27.5 '' or 31.2 '' tall ? 
is it made completely of metal and glass - no wood ? 
what size is the desk ? 
would this infuser work with tea bags ? 
how do you use the infuser ? 
is the water bottle made from plastic or glass ? 
how big is the infuser part ? 
how much weight can the case withstand ? 
are the shelves removable and or are the shelves adjustable ? 
does it have a mirror on one side 
do you have to put it together ? 
does the 31331 model have a working `` stay on '' setting function ? 
what are the power requirements or specs ? 
is it a non stick inside 
can this hold a 9x13 cake pan ? 
does the crumb tray actually catch the crumbs or do they end up all over the counter s they do with a toaster ? 
i dont have the clips that allow the grill to autoadvance.. does anyone else have this issue ? 
does it make a ticking sound on toast ? 
what are the inside measurements ? 
is it breathable ? 
does it stay on a memory foam mattress correctly or does it end up being on a diagonal after a few nights use ? 
is it fully waterproof 
will it fit a queen size with a pillowtop ? 
queen size says it is 11 '' deep but wondering if anyone knows if there 's enough extra room to get around my 13 '' mattress ? 
is this a comforter or a duvet ? 
is the color like a wedgewood blue 
does this set include a flower nail and couplers ? 
does this set include a ruffle tip ? 
where made & # xff1f ; 
what are the numbers of the tips ? 
is there a list with the numbers of the tips included in this set ? 
will this fit an average size 4 year old girl ? 
what size ( approx ) is the child 's apron ? 
what does it say on the bib of the apron 
i have very limited counter space , so i was wondering how hot the sides and back of this toaster get ? 
anyone know how hot the front will get during toasting ? 
anyone know how hot the front and sides get during toasting ? 
please send me the over-all dimentions 
is this toaster made in china or the usa ? 
does bagel function only toast the inside of the bagel , also when not using bagel function does bread toast properly ? 
how long ( minutes ) to toast on the darkest setting ? 
can two people sleep on this ? 
what are the exact overall dimensions please 
is the cover removable or waterproof ? 
can it be stored under a twin bed 
is this decent for japanese type of sleeping where you fold it in daytime and use it to sleep nightly ? 
is this an insulated container ( you advertise filling it with yoghurt , a perishable food ) ? 
are the lids # 4 plastic ? 
would this product keep my kids food hot for about 4 hours till they get lunch ... ? 
how do i power the juicer on ? 
how do i take this juicier apart to clean ? 
can you blend nuts in this 
i have cups and the blade attachment will they work with this unit ? 
how do you start the blender ? 
does this smaller size cook a turkey ? 
can you cook a 12 '' or larger pizza in it ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
how long have you owned the oven and is it still working properly ? 
i just got mine , can anyone recommend a french fry recipe 
where this oven ( made in ) ? 
does this item come with a warranty ? 
is 36 '' the height or width of the table ? 
are the chairs included ? 
is the black a true black or more of a grey ? 
are the chairs sold separately on amazon ? 
size of table please 
is there a lid that fits this pan ? 
cast iron can go to the oven ? 
i 'd like to know how to clean the outside ? 
will this skillet scratch the surface of a glass top stove ? 
any issues with high heat for say searing streak ? 
where is this made ? 
is there a full-size lid that will fit on this skillet ? 
do you pull or push the caet ? 
can the cart go downstairs as well as up ? 
is it easy to access the chair ? 
what country was this manufactured in ? 
what are the actual dimensions of the bag , not including the chair ? 
how many pounds of groceries can it carry ? 
how much weight does chair hold ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
what does it include ? 
does it come with the black dust ruffle pictured ? 
is it a dubet 
since some of the reviews indicate that the full queen size does not cover a queen bed properly , can you please give me the dimensions for this ? 
what are the care instructions ? 
is this set square with birds on them 
does the painting come with hooks to hang it ? 
why does n't my painting have the same details as the painting represented by the image posted on amazon ? 
hello painting is framed or rolled ? 
what are the dimensions of this project ? 
i read a review that said the painting smelled very chemically and was concerned about how safe this is ? 
is this painting that poor , or poorly stretched 
how much total space does this take up ? 
is an order for one sham or a pair ? 
does this come with one sham or two 
is this the price for one sham or two ? 
instructions on use 
how do you set the temperature up ? 
where do you buy filter 
does it show current water temp inside ( ofcourse , when seated on the base ) ? 
is the plastic lid bpa free 
does anyone know the country of origin ( where this was made ) ? 
is this product 100 % natural latex ? 
if i do n't like it , how long do i have to return it 
i own your mattress topper ... which is the proper side to have `` up '' the one with the deeper holes , or the shallow ones ? 
would this fit into one of the foam ergonomic pillows ? 
do they come in king size ? 
are they pure mulberry silk 
will you have the floral pattern pillowcase again 
how long the window kit ? 
i see that most portable ac machines come with a vent kit and shows a window that opens by pulling up.. does this vent kit work with a window that you pull sideways to slide open ? 
i require a quiet ac portable unit that does n't require draining by self-evaporating what should i look for ? 
how many amps does it draw ? 
will the exhaust hose easy-to-install window venting kit fit into a vertical casement window ( slides from side to side , rather than up down ) ? 
does the unit work without tripping a breaker because of the 10,000 btu 
what is maximum square footage it will cool with standard ceiling height ? 
what includes in this set ? 
the weigh ? 
will this fit a full size bed ? 
does it come one twin pc 
is the doc mcstuffins just the comforter or does it include the sheets and pillowcases 
hi there was just wondering if you could tell me the dimensions of the product once its packaged up 
how do i get the sham to match this comforter . 
what size is this decanter ? 
does it come with shot glass 
is it made in china ? 
is it made of glass or acrylic 
what is size of decanter without top plug ? 
how tall is it in inchs please ? 
the shipping is world wild ? 
do you get the box with it too ? 
does it come with liquor ? 
does the fabric liner keep water from leaking thru like the plastic liners when keeping the liner in the tub during showering ? 
are the fabric and plastic liners interchangeable for the curtains with a window and snap in liner option ? 
when they say 70 x 54 size , is the 54 the length of the liner ? 
do these liners have weights to keep the liner from blowing inward into the shower during use ? 
is this just the snap in part or the hookless part as well ? 
as it is called the transparent part to buy . 
do you put the fabric liner inside the tub , or does it hang outside ? 
what 's the size of pancakes it makes ? 
can be used on induction cooker 
can you turn it over and cook on the flat part ? 
what is dimension of pancake ? 
does this come with the batter dispenser ? 
can i use it for eggs ? 
what is the actual size of the mirror on the 20 '' x 27 '' cabinet ? 
anybody know the rough opening would be nice if they told ya 
what are the dimensions for the recessed part ? 
does the peeler do well with peeling apples ? 
how to use slicing board with peeler ? 
what kind of pizza pan do you recommend for homemade raw dough pizza ? 
are you using the pizza oven for commercial use or personal use ? 
does this cook fresh pizza 
can you keep this continuously on through your business day ? if not , and it takes 10+ minutes to warm up each time it would add a lot of time to orders . 
pre-heating time for 450 deg ? 
will this oven work well with homemade pizza dough or is it better for premade dough 
what are the diminsions 
are the shelf heights adjustable ? 
what are the weight specs for these shelves ? 
can this be attached to whitmor 6779-3044 double rod closet , silver ? 
can casters or wheels be added to this unit ? 
dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what type of heating element does it use ? 
what 's the difference between this and the breville lift and look , bta630xl , apart from white vs. steel and $ 80 vs. $ 180 ? 
what is ths difference between this and breville bta820xl ? 
does the mfr say that it is supposed to be unplugged after each use ? 
are there any toasters in this long style , that would allow you to toast in one slot only , when chosen ? 
how deep ( tall ) are the slots in the toaster ? 
has anyone owned this for more than a year or two , and are you still happy with it ? 
can you just use one slot at a time ? 
if i toast a small piece of bread am i going to have to go fishing for it or does it rice nicely to the surface so i do n't have to risk burning myself 
would this fit a full size bottom bunk 
do the pillow cases come with this comforter ? 
this is just the comforter o the whole set with the comforter and sheets set included ? 
does it work with `` premier wonder table top wet grinder `` ? 
can this attachment be used for any other food processors ? 
does this coconut grater work with the ultra 1.25 liter model ? 
is it loud ? 
how long is the power cord ? 
if you run the heater at your preferred setting and power is interrupted : when power returns does unit come back on by itself ? 
can it be put on carpet 
what color is the power cord ? 
is this battery operated ? 
what is the dimention of the 3 and 4 shelf units ? 
if i were to use this for dvd storage-how many dvd 's could fit in each drawer ? 
how much are the 3-foldable baskets ? 
my shell is 18 x18 will this fit 
want to make sure these are machine washable ... 
if i order two pillow forms will shipping stay the same ? 
my shell is 17 x 17 will this insert fit ? 
is it good for outdoors 
is it machine washable ? 
can these be used for outdoor pillow inserts 
can it be used on an induction cooktop re : nu wave 2 ? 
will the orgreenic griddle grill pan leave marks on my pancakes and fried eggs since the pan has raised bumps on it ? 
will the orgreenic griddle grill pan leave marks on my pancakes and fried eggs since it has raised bumps on its surface ? 
can it be used on gas stove 
what size is it 
is the product made to cook food inside an oven or on top a stove ? 
what is the size of the pan ? 
does this need to be pre-seasoned 
what is the real shipping weight on this item ? 
what are the dimensions on the piece ? 
what are the dimensions of the individual sections 
how much weight can the hanging rack hold ? 
is the back finished ? 
do you have other color ? 
i know its oakland finish but is there an option to get in black matte ? 
how big is it ? 
is this made of particle board 
what 's the width of the hanging section ? 
are these made in china ? 
where can i buy the basket devider for hd 220 
can you 'fry ' indian fry bread in this ? 
what is the difference between this and a convection oven ? 
what 's the voltage of this rice cooker ? 
can it slow cook other food items like a stew or a roast ? 
do you have a 220 volt rice cooker similar to the np-nvc18 ? 
can you cook quinoa in it ? 
what 's the difference betweent he induction one and the non induction zojirushi products ? 
does this have auto clean function ? 
can i buy this rice cooker with voltage use in france 220 or 240v ? 
can this be used for wine also ? 
does it come with the stand which is showing in the picture ? 
is the hole for the spigot already there ? 
could i avoid a tainted taste to wine if i filled it just before serving ? 
do you advise soaking barrel in whiskey to get the aged burbon flavor for aging and flavoring beer ? 
has anyone had this shoe rack long enough to know how the finish stands up to wet shoes ? 
can i stack more of these on top of each other ? 
is it vinyl or fabric 
where is this made ? 
is the shower curtain hookless ? 
does this mean the shower curtain is covered entirely with the image of starry night save some ofwhat is missing , in otherwords no bare spots 
what are euro shams ? 
does the pattern on the comforter goes all the way up to the top ? 
which pillows does this come with ? 
does the pattern is on the right side on the comforter , looking from the bottom of the bed or is it on the left side ? 
can this be flipped or is only one side usable ? 
what are the dimensions of the twin box it is delivered in ? 
how can a mattress be rolled and not be destroyed ? 
i see that the mattress is made in the usa , but does anyone know where the materials come from ? 
is this price of $ 99.03 for a set of 2 twin bunk bed mattresses or only one ? 
does it smell ? 
does it fit a standard twin box spring mattress 
does it need a box spring 
what are the measurements without the handles ? 
what are the dimensions 28 '' x ? 
is this product recommended for glass cooktops ? 
how much do it weigh ? 
how long is it exactly , including the handles ? 
does this have a drip trough to collect excess grease ? 
can it be used on a camp fire ? 
will it work on an induction stovetop ? 
what are the noise levels for each speed setting ? 
if you use the fan vertically are there vertical extenders to fit a slim tall window ? 
what is the size ? 
expanders for 42 in window 
how long is the power cord ? 
what is the height , width range , and depth of this product ? 
does this come in 72 ' length ? 
whats the length of this cover does it fit a 20x54 pillow which seems to be standard 
are these compatible with any bottle or only specially made ones ? 
ceramic or plastic tops ? 
are these porcelain or plastic ? 
will this hold both k and vue pods ? 
size 
what are the dimensions of this product 
does this rocker base have ball bearings 
how tall is this item - distance from floor to bottom of chair ? 
how much weight can this hold ? 
how long are the legs ? 
how high is it ? 
hey is this cup ovenproof ? 
is this silicone ? 
this product is from starbucks or strabucks ? 
is the logo on both sides ? 
is this the same cup that is available at any starbucks location for $ 1 ? 
what is the material 
what is the material 
country of origin ? 
is the stopper made of plastic or ceramic ? 
how does it compare with the clever coffee dripper ? 
available heights : 1-1 2 '' , 2.7 '' , or 4 '' which one is the 4 '' to order just wondering if there 's something that slides up and down to make it adjustabel 
$ 15.00 for 12 
will this hold card stock 8 1 2 x 11 ? 
i know it says 12 pieces , but just to make sure , do you get 12 of these or is it 1 stand in 12 pieces ? 
can i get clip dimensions please ? 
is it $ 15.99 for 12 of these new star harp clip place card holders ? 
how many and what type of batteries doe it use ? 
does it crush the ice ? 
so is the plastic red , like the picture , or silver , like the thumbnail ? 
does this work with 220 volts power ? 
is your 10 '' stone earth pan also ptfe free ? 
is there a difference between this pan and the green 10 '' ozeri pan aside from the color ? 
why does the description say that batteries are required ? 
is there a lid for this pan ? 
is this pan for induction cooktops ? 
is this pan also ptfe free 
does this unit come with the pump and hoses ? 
does this pump have the integrated pump that can drain condensate vertically if needed ? 
instead of using provided hose would the drain connection support a standard threaded garden hose ? 
does this model blow out hot air because i do n't get a `` cool , dry '' feeling from using this machine - even though water drains ? 
what is the model number of this unit ? 
any one know how big the bucket is ? 
the table comes disarmed ? 
what are the dimensions of the drawer ? 
the width is 11 '' and the height is stated by no length 
what is the maximum weight this table support ? 
36inches height or length ? 
is the back still espresso wood color ? 
size ? 
the description says the bookcase is a folding style -- does it fold flat for easy storage when not in use ? 
how deep is the top shelf ? 
how deep is the bottom shelf ? 
waiting for answer on how high from the bottom is the second shelf ? 
how high can the bread be ? 
where is this manufactured ? 
where is this made ? 
washing instructions 
are the cutting slots wide enough for an electric knife ? 
can i slice artisaal bread that is typically 8 inches by 8 inches ? 
where was it made ? 
does anyone using this wedge sleep on their side , and is it a problem ? 
is this wedge pillow more comfortable to sleep on , than the medslant wedge pillow ? 
does this wedge sleep hot ? 
i know this comes with a cover , but where can i get another cover to put on it ? 
is the pull-out keyboard large enough to put both a average size keyboard and a mouse with mouse pad on it ? 
are 23.5 '' x 83.2 '' x 29.6 '' the dimensions of the box it 's packaged ? 
can the keyboard tray be mounted on either desk ? 
can you interchange the sides 
can the corner unit be removed once the item is purchased ? 
can you use the two large sections as 2 stand alone desks without using the corner piece 
i want buy 100ea.are you have in stock 
is the spigot metal ? 
is this a thick quality glass ? 
what is the height of the product ? 
what is the height of the product ? 
where is this dispenser made ? 
does the top screw on tightly ? 
will the bra organizer hold larger cup size bras such as d and dd ? 
are the dividers removable ? 
can you buy them seperate 
dimensions of each piece ? 
do they have or can you buy lids ? 
what are the approximate dimensions ? 
what are the washing instructions ? 
at what point in the order process do i say what i want on it ? 
can you order engraving on both sides of the flask or just one ? 
what type of font looks best how do i recommend one to them , i forgot to say one in the first email did anyone else not say a font ? 
does this come in a box with a funnel ? 
what is the email address that you use to correspond with this company ? 
how soon do they arrive with engraving ? 
if i wan 3 of these engraved can i have them by saturday 16 my wedding is sunday 3-17-13 
we would just want the name roro on it , would that work with no picture ? 
do the two sections of the queen frame bolt together in the middle or is it just plastic clamps . 
shows a height of 14 '' , 7 '' , 6 '' - how high is it ? 
what is the weight limit ? 
can the frames for the queen bed frame be used separately for a twin mattress ? 
can the frames be used separately for a twin mattress ? 
i do n't have a large truck or van to transport stuff , so will this item fit in a mid-sized car folded ? 
headboard attachment ? 
what design is on the sheets ? 
can these fit twin xl beds for college ? 
how deep are the pockets on the fitted sheet ? 
what is the thread count on these sheets ? 
do these mugs have the golden harvest logo on them ? 
what is the material of the jars ? 
are they standard opening size ? 
are the handles solid or hollow ? 
can yhey be used for hot coffee and hot tea ? 
hi i wonder if you have 300 of this item and if you can ship to mexico and how much is it i really intereested and need urgently 
what 's written on it ? 
are there any logo 's on this jar ? 
how wide is the actual dome , not the plate ? 
what is this product made out of ? 
what is the thickness of the glass cover ? 
is the dome tall enough to safely cover a layer cake ? 
how much is the cover height ? 
i am wondering if there are any curtains , available for this set ? 
what is the fabric made of ? 
does it only come with the comforter or does it come with the shams and stuff as well ? 
what is the material 
does this juicer have the yellow juicer strainer 
does this work on portugal with 220-230v ac ? 
how much does it weight ? 
how do i order a parts and a replacement manual ? 
is the plastic auger bpa free ? 
does this machine comes with the 4-day juice infusion plan , 50 recipe booklet , easy juicing color wheel and to go cup ? 
do you find that it does not juice greens very well ? 
what is the size of the chute please ? 
how good is this product at removing cigarette smoke ? 
is this ozone free ? 
does it come ready to plug-in or do you have to put it together like 1 review complained about ? 
what is the warranty on this model ? 
is this good with pet dander ? 
how noisy is this machine ? 
is the blanket double-sided ? 
is the 58 '' x84 '' large enough for a king size bed ? 
which one has the most black color in it ? 
do you ship to the uk and if so how much 
width of blade ? 
does this knife come with a stand ? 
sharpen 
will this work for a left handed person ? 
is there room for components or is there a component shelf that can be purchased ? 
is this brown or black ? 
do you deliver to australia ? 
what is the seat height from the floor ( from floor to top of seat ) 
is the height good for extra tall people -- so they can lean back comfortablt 
just want to confirm that this is a glider and not a rocker . 
is there a gap between the chair and foot rest when fully extended . 
can mylar bags be used ? 
do food saver bags have to be used or can other brands also be used ? 
does it have a port for my jar sealer ? 
what is the voltage ? 
how is this different from the premium version ? 
is this mattress protector for the whole entire mattress , bottom , top and sides or just for the top ? 
is this cover non-breathable ? 
i have an induction range which has 7,9 & amp ; 11 inch rings.my range can detect only if the base of pots fit exactly to the ring.any idea on base diameter . 
can these be put into the oven ? 
is this product aluminum encapsulated ? 
is this cookware stainless 18 10 ? 
are the pots stainless steel also ? 
good for induction cooking ? 
are these the same pot sold at macy 's 
is this a plug in with off on switch ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
i have received the shipment of this table today but i have not received the glass top of the table in the shipment . 
can i use this safely with a three way light bulb ? 
does the lamp have to plug into the back end of the electrical plug or does the box with the slide dimmer in it have an outlet ? 
is there a led light indicator that comes on when the power is off ? 
what are the dimensions of this spice rack - height is my main concern . 
do you think that this could be affixed to a stainless steel peg board ? 
do i need to hire an electrician or plumber to install these units ? 
is that 9000x2 and 18000 
what are the dimensions of the compressor unit , and how far away from a wall must it be placed ? 
does this mug perspire ( get water droplets ) on the outside ? 
has anyone washed the separated pieces of the lid in a dishwasher ? 
does it feel warm on the outside if you put hot water inside ? 
how tall is the mug ? 
what is the difference between the travel mug and the vacuum mug ? 
is this item new in original box ? 
where are these made ? 
does one of the 2 lids in the set possibly fit on the frying pan ? 
does this product contains lead 
can these be used on glass stove tops ? 
few pounds weighs this set of pots ? 
how many pounds does this product have ? 
do these have any parts that are made of metal ? 
how do you make it ? 
how much of the heavy whipping cream and other stuff do you put in the freeze thingy ? 
how do you make ice cream ? 
do u need the ingredients lid to use the ice cream magic cone 
how much does it make ? 
can i use half and half instead of heavy or whipping cream ? 
what do you need to buy to make it work ? 
graham cracker peanut butter ice cream 
pin reviews person refers to price paid as 64.00 yet it is asking 86.00 ? 
is this very soft ? 
it this a bright white duvet or an off-white ? 
does this cover duvet have the comforter ties inside ? 
what kind of cotton is it ? 
how thick is it - i 'm planning to put it over a bedspread that has color to it just to have a change ... . do you think it will be easy to see through ? 
if you have a queen devet and queen bed would you recommend a king cover for a floor length on both sides , more inviting look like one of the reviewers ? 
would liked to know if this is a duvet cover or duvet please ? 
which hard start kit for amana model tc22kl and the compressor mod is ds110q22 . 
can this replace 378-454mfd 165 volts for embraco 1 3 hp compressor 
does this fit kenmore 10659207992 
how long does the rco410 normally last installed in a 2000 whirlpool 
how tall are they and what are the top and bottom diameters ? 
can these cups be purchased in a smaller quantity ? 
are they freezer safe & amp ; microwaveable ? 
are these top rack dishwasher safe ? 
would these work with a regular straw or is the straw hole too big ? 
is the material microfiber 
what is the length of the couch itself from arm to arm ? 
how deep are the regular seats ? 
are the back cushions loose or sewn on ? 
are the 4 accent pillows ( yellow white ) included ? 
is the chaise reversible to either side of the couch ? 
could i make ice cubes with this tray ? 
what are the dimensions of the 3d pieces ( after assembly ) ? 
is this a 3d mold or do the pieces come out flat on one side ? 
where are these made ? 
how do these mats compare to silpats ? 
can these mats be cut down to fit a smaller pan ? 
what color blue is it ? 
will this fit a king size bed 
does this water bottle sweat ? 
how is this bottle with condensation ? 
does this water bottle work good with hot stuff ? 
what ounce does the scoops have ? 
does anyone know the size or circumference for this set ? 
what is the manufacturing origin ( country ) ? 
is this item dishwasher safe ? 
i ordered this item and only received one scoop 
hello , how heavy is this seat . 
can you play xbox on it 
how much adjustment is there with the seat in terms of sliding leg room as i am 6'-4 '' and would like to have my 10 year old grandchildren us it ? 
what size monitors can be put up and how do you configure them to spread out over three tvs do it looks natural ? 
hello , how much space is needed to use this item ? 
is it possible to remove the 2 bars that stick up to hold up the 3 monitors ? 
can i buy the keyboard and mouse swivel unite seperate 
whats the difference between this mattress and a normal futon mattress ? does this mattress have button studs ? r thy uncomfortable to sleep on ? 
is this machine washable how can i clean it ? 
does this futon retain its firmness well over time ? 
is this comfortable for people that sleep on there side ? 
do you put sheets on it ? 
what is width of closet 
my question is.. what is the real size of this rod freestanding ? 
what is the maximum weight each hanging pole can support ? 
can you atach caster and if so witch ones , size thread , or product # ? 
how much weight can the shelves take ? 
is this pan large enough to make a grilled cheese sandwich ? 
can this go in the dishwasher ? 
does the handle get hot ? 
will this work on an induction cook top ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
can they be used on either gas or electric stoves 
can this cookware be used on induction cooptops ? 
does paula deen cookware have open close vents 
is it leak proof ? 
howmbig isnthe cup in ml or oz ? 
where is the product made ? 
is this the same as the sistema 656ml soup mug , or is it the same mug with a different name . 
what is the height measurement between the shelves ? 
what color is it ? 
is it bagless ? 
what is the difference between the lime green an the orange canister vacuum ? 
model # 
what kind of bags and or filter does this require ? 
is it bagless ? 
how many amps does it have ? 
does it have a red green indicator light when cleaning ? 
does the vacuum come with a attachment for bare floors ? 
how many tea bags does the box hold total , or how many will fit in each compartment ? 
does the lid have a hinge so that it can stand upright when open ? 
are the dividers removable ? 
how many tea wrapped tea bags can this hold ? 
dimensions of box ? 
are these made in china ? 
are these mugs microwave-safe ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
i am debateing between dc 39 and dc 47. any suggestions ? 
is it supported the `` dyson asthma & amp ; allergy kit '' ? 
what is the dimension of shipping package ? 
is dyson dc47 cordless 
how wide is brushroll ? 
will a dell venue tablet fit ? 
can it stand vertically or only horizontally ? 
is it roomy enough on the inside to store college notes , papers , and etc ? 
will my ms surface tablet fit in this case ? 
will it fit an i pad 2 ? 
will this work for galaxy note tablet ( 10.1 '' ) ? 
can u use kcups with v600 
is anyone having an issue with a plastic , or chemical taste in brewed beverages from this machine ? 
where can i purchase the vue packs 
can you use your own ground coffee in this keurig ? 
does the full price unit come with manufacturer 's warranty 
are these ceramic or plastic ? 
how tall are these bowls ? 
are these bowls dishwasher safe ? 
is this dishwasher microwave safe ? 
the picture says 19 seer rating but the description says 14.5 seer which is it ? 
what is the size of the service port opening ? 
why the fan never stop when set up to auto ? 
what cookware can be used for this burner ? 
is this 110 volts or 220 ? 
can one set the burner to click off after a certain number of minutes ? 
i see the watts are listed , but do you know what temperature the burner can reach ? 
how hot does it get . 
does it require special pans ? 
what is the watts on each burner ? 
what is the density of the foam used ? 
where is this product manufactured and made ? 
mo # what is it ? 
do you let this run continuously day and night or only certain times of the day ? 
can this unit be placed against the wall ? 
how often does the prefilter need to be changed ? 
better to run with windows closed ? 
is this mug microwavable ? 
where is this manufactured ? 
is this glass or plastic ? 
what is the volume of the kettle ? 
the item shows a cord , but the description says cordless - which is it ? 
is there any plastic inside the kettle , especially coming in contact with the water ? 
can you dispense ice from the ice maker directly into the glass without worrying that the bottom will break ? 
how tall are these , and what is the diameter ? 
are they made of glass rather than plastic ? 
boiling water will they crack 
when at slightly chilled temperatures ( like a winter 's day ) , will they crack if you pour boiling water into them ? 
do these glasses have a thin rim or is it the same width rim as a tervis ? 
where ( country ) are these made ? 
if i order a queen size set , are the pillowcases also queen size ? 
does the fitted sheet have elastic all away around or just on the corners ? 
can you tell me what `` fiber '' they are using .. is it cotton , polyester , bamboo , rayon ... to make the sheets ? 
i have pillow top queen mattress will the fitted sheet fit this ? 
is the flat sheet embroidered ? 
basically if it is suitable for tempur beds and how deep the fitted sheet is 
will these sheet fit a tempurpedic mattress ? 
yes on the king set , are the pillow cases full or king size ? 
is this made of all wood or particle board with wood laminate ? 
what is the wood finish 
what are the measurements of this bookcase ? 
does it have to be assembled ? 
what is the heights of each shelf i want to know if records would fit 
what all comes with this , i found another quilt ( same one but cheaper ) i noticed that this one says `` bonus '' but can see where you guys include extras . 
i want this for a `` froest khaki '' colered room ... is there too much blue ? 
are the pillow shams king size or standard ? 
what are the dementions of this quilt 
does it come with the pillow shams 
what is the size of the speakers , what is the quality of the sound like ? 
does it require batteries ? 
do these have to be wet to light up ? 
they do not have on and off switch as stated unless i 'm missing something ? 
are you able to turn these ice cubes on without submersing in liquid ? 
has anyone discovered if the batteries are replicable ? 
do these float ? 
are the battery source replaceable ? 
what is the size of these led ice cubes ? 
do you have to press and hold down the button to keep it whisking ? 
do i need to unscrew the body to insert batteries ? 
do i need a special canister or can i just use a mug with this frother ? 
should these sheets be listed instead as : 'polyester , w breathability , soft as egyptian cotton , wonderful colors & amp ; an incredibly affordable price ? ' 
if i buy a king set , will the pillowcases fit king size pillows ? 
will these sheets fit over a mattress pad ontop ? 
will this shrink in the washer dryer ? 
would the deep pockets be too big to fit on a 10 '' queen size memory foam mattress ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
if i purchase this now can i change out the spaghetti die for the med bucatini die 
i recieved my torchio pasta maker and there was no clamp enclosed to attach it to a table -- do n't see how i can use it . 
can you take the cover off to wash it ? 
is the cover tufted or is the mattress itself tufted ? 
what is the solid strutto ? 
does mattress fold so it can be used as a couch ? 
what size is it or does i to me in all sizes 
is it a thick blanket ? 
could i get this by february 7th ? 
do you accept returns ? 
size ? 
can i wash it on hot water and dry it on a clothes hanger 
does this cabinet have a front doors or is its open ? 
is there any assembly required or does it come fully assembled ? 
what is the clear opening space between the shelves ? 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
is there a glass door in front ? 
does the mattress have an initial smell or chemical odor ? 
can this fit under a standard bed for storage ? 
what is the mattress size ? 
can this bed fit in a car ( 4 door sedan ) for easy travel ? 
is this bed high enough to use for my mother who recently had a stroke ? 
what is the closed dimension 
how much does it weigh ? 
assembly required beyond attaching casters ? 
what is the weight limit for this bed ? 
do these fit an extra long full mattress ? 
do you have to use the insert that holds the cupcake ? 
do they have a clear cover over the window 
will the insert secure a cupcake that is 2.5 inches in diameter ? 
does this box come with an insert to hold the cupcake ? 
is this cupcake box for the standard size cupcake ? 
good reviews.how do you actually use the pierogi maker ? 
is the dumpling maker made of aluminum or plastic ? 
is the pierogi maker made of plastic or aluminum ? 
how doe you fill it ? 
how do you open the grinder to fill it ? 
i am having the same problem ... how in the world do you refill this thing ? 
is this fg118 18-ounce damp-rid product unscented ? 
do i take that paper off the top and put the pink lid back on ? 
is this refillable ? 
how do you dispose of it ? 
can this product be used inside of an rv refridgerator ? 
can this take hot water ? 
can you put coffee in here as well ? 
i will receive 1 glass or 3 glasses ? 
can the base go in the microwave ? 
is the strainer removable and whatbis the diameter of it ? 
is the lid on this solid or does it have hole for straw ? 
does the amazon one come with a brew basket ? 
this model ( 49467 ) vs 49611 , and which would you pick ? 
is the carafe 's lid removable from the carafe ? 
is there dribble when pouring the coffee from the decanter ? 
how do you clean this coffee maker ? 
is the plug 3 prong ? 
is the filter basket double walled , like a thermos bottle ? 
will this work with the k10 mini plus brewer ? 
does this filter system work with the k75 platinum brewer 
will this fit my mr coffee bvmc-kg1.machine ? the lower part is removable on my coffee maker . 
will this work with the keurig b45 elite ? 
does it work with keurig k-cup k40 elite ? 
does this work on the k45 ? 
k45 
what are the dimensions of this pyramid pan ? 
how do i wash it 
could you throw this in the washing machine to clean it 
can you use it in a griller where heat is directly above the mat ? 
what are rules for cooking in a microwave ? 
can the pyramid pan be used in a convection oven ? 
how difficult to clean ? 
i did n't get any instructions with mine ; recipes ? 
how long is this tool from tip to base of where it widens out to fit over the wand ? 
will this fit most vacuums including central vac hose ? 
does it fit craftsman shop vacuums ? 
did this pillow smell ? 
is this product made in china ? 
is this pillow only for back sleepers ? 
what are the dimensions , please ? 
will it hold 1gallon bottles 
could this hold bar-sized beer glasses ? 
how long are the prongs ? 
will it hold wine glasses ? 
i want to keep this outdoors in my garden can this item be displayed outdoors ? 
what part is 100mm ? 
how do i remove the old hydraulic gas lift from my office chair and install the new one ? 
is this hydrraulic support 350 weight 
someone commented in the ratings that it was `` no dry '' , is that true ? 
is the dark color navy or black 
what are the five pieces ? 
is that white in the quilts ? 
do you have curtain to match size 84 length ? 
does it come assembled or do i have to assemble it ? 
ive got a 30 inch door ... if the legs are taken off , ,will it fit ? 
does the sofa have solid sides and back ? 
are the cushions attached with zippers to hold cushion in ? 
are the water bottles plastic , metal or glass ? 
is it possilbe 130l co2 carbonator ? 
were can one find replacement seals or `` o '' rings for the cap ionto which the cylinder is screwed ? 
is this good to grate yuca or plantain 
is this 110v only , or 220v as well ? 
what would be the best appliance to grate sweet potatoes ? 
is this converted for usa kitchens ? 
does the cover have ties or buttons to keep the duvet fill in place ? 
is the design printed or embroidered ? 
is there just 1 king sham 
is there a dust ruffle included ? 
does the king size really only come with one sham as stated ? 
is the print the same on both sides of the duvet or is the other side a solid color ? 
does it have ties in duvet so comforter stay put 
does the refurbished dc 40 come with attachments 
does it leave scratches on hard wood floors or is it a soft brush of sorts ? 
does the reconditioned dc 40 come with an owners manual ? 
how well does it vacuum pet hair ? 
does it have dual voltage so it can work on 240v too ? 
does this vacuum come wth tools 
is this bagless 
are these units warranted by dyson for 6 months or a third party ? 
# 2 question the ones i was looking at were purple this is golden color whats is the differance 
hi i just bought an down comforter and im looking for a nice comforterable duvet cover is this a good one 
what are the dimensions of this cover ? 
is the backrest adjustable ? 
how will take to ship and get to 07652 ? 
what is the price of the coffee table ? 
what are the measurements of this couch ? 
can this sectional sofa come apart 
are they from costco ( stated on box ) ? 
can i hang wet clothes from the washer on them to dry then put into my closet ? 
does this come as one or is this a set ? 
my bifold doors measurement are 71x93.5 do you have any doors that will fit 
do you have any 36 ' doors ? 
can the doors be trimmed to fit a 79 '' opening ? 
is the shower curtain machine washable ? 
will this go with brown rugs ? 
what color is the reverse side of the comforter ? 
where can i find the blue version of this comforter set ( madison park vanessa ) ? 
does this come in a full size set ? 
can i get window valances for this set ? 
is it machine washable ? 
do you have to take the top off to drink out of it ? 
how many ounces does this hold ? 
is it dish washer safe ? 
does this come filled with butane ? 
what do you use it for other than creme brulee ? 
can you find refills for this in europe ? 
why is mine shooting like a flame thrower on the lowest setting ? 
does this torch have an annoying safety switch ? 
how hot a temp does this torch go ? 
that is it plastic and that there are 4 of each color plate bowl 
can you wash them in dishwasher 
is product microwave safe ? 
is this microwavable 
would short grain rice fall through the holes ? 
can these be used in the freezer ? 
where are these bags made ? 
what is the weight tare of these bags ? 
where are the tea bags made ? 
so can you put in coffee instead of tea ? 
are these tea bags treated with epichlorohydrin ? 
do the canisters have a seal to protect the contents ? 
are the openings very wide ? 
what are the dimensions of each canister ? 
should i order a king size for my queen size bed , i heard they run small 
is it machine washable ? 
do you ship the item to canada ? 
does the package indicate where in the usa these are made , and by whom ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
are these cups 100 % silicone , with no fillers ? 
what are the dimensions of the cups please ? 
what is the high heat temp you can go to on these ? 
does the # 6 fit regular 5gal plastic water bottles ? 
this size is too small for my gallon jug , so what is the best size for a one gallon jug ? 
can this be used in a plastic mason jar cover ? 
what is the diameter of the base ( the part that screws onto the bottle ) ? 
will this work on a longaberger soap container ? 
is this compatible with umbra joey soap dispenser ? 
can you put a regular sheet on top of the grounding sheets 
is it safe for dogs to sleep on ? 
will it work with a magnetic mattress pad ? 
can the grounding sheets or pads be used on top of an electric mattress pad ? 
is a `` properly grounded wall outlet '' different than a regular wall outlet ? 
is this washable ? 
maybe a stupid question ... can you sip from it without the lid ? 
does the cup have a rolled edge , blunt , or sharp ? 
doe the cover leak down the front when drinking especially if condensation forms near the cup rim on the inside ? 
what are the dimensions of the l sectional and what is the depth of the seat cushions ? 
is this the same couch as asin : b005dc5730 on amazon for ~ $ 75 more ( which includes the ottoman ) ? 
what are the dimensions of this couch ? 
do any units come less then 14 inches front to back 
size 
does the flower pattern appear on both the left and right side of the comforter or does it only appear on the side shown in this picture ? 
hi will these set fit full size bed ? 
what about dimensions of total set for shipping ? 
does it come with sheets ? 
will it fit a full size bed ? 
does it come in twin or full 
what are the dimensions of this bag ? 
does this bag zip closed ? 
can it fit a regular sized water bottle and some tupperware lunch containers ? 
does this bag actually weight 5lbs ? 
can this lunch bag keep food warm if i put something hot warm in it ? 
can this bag be folded and made smaller to fit into a backpack ? 
does this fit rubbermaid lunchblox ? 
where is this bag made ? 
can this fit a queen size bed 
would this work with this bed frame http : www.amazon.com hollywood-bed-f ... 
is this sturdy enough to lean against if 1 3 of the headboard is in front of a recessed window and not supported by the wall ? 
how many slats does this bed frame have ? 
is it black or dark brown ? 
the name of manufactor 
can you please specify the exact size of the king and california king bed ? 
are this lids for all mason jars ? 
what is the material of the lids ? 
do these lids have wholes in them ? 
will these fit on wide mouth jars ? 
could i buy just the table ? 
i want this against a wall , i was wondering can you neatly place all the stools under the table ? 
would i be able to paint over the faux marble top ? 
can the table top be coated with some sort of protectant ? 
what is the weight limit on the chairs ? 
do the table come with chairs 
do the table come with chairs 
are the faux leather seats dark brown or black ? 
how long does it usually take to contact your suppliers about re-stocking ... i do n't want to end up waiting a month then told you ca n't even get them ? 
what is the seat height from the ground ? 
is the price correct on this `` 4 chairs for $ 119 '' ? 
are these chair comercial rated ? 
can you use low fat milk ( 1 % or 2 % ) and still get the same results as whole milk ? 
what is the wattage ? 
do you have to put it in the freezer to make it or does it just have to go in the freezer for storage ... assuming you do n't eat it all at one sitting ? 
can you freeze the ice cream in the bowl you made it in ? 
can this ice cream maker make sherbert ? 
will it fit a mattress that is 18 '' deep ? 
will these fit a deep mattress of 18-20 inches ? 
will these work on a sleeper sofa mattress ( about 5 inches , but will be adding a mattress pad with about 3 extra inches ) ? 
do these sheets fit the sleep number bed with the option of inclining head and foot . 
are they durable ? 
does this work well with crusty hard shell breads like baguettes ? 
is this knife full tang ? 
is this knife manufactured in china ? 
is this dual voltage ? 110-220v ? 
interior and basket is what kind of metal ? 
22 i bought the goods , but there is no power plug , can you tell me how to deal with ? 
does this fryer have a non-stick interior ? 
i want to make sure that each of the three pieces are 36x54 and that they are delivered framed ? 
from the picture , the painting is not actually 36x54 , but rather 3 paintings each one 36 x 18 , correct ? 
how much extra will it be to have painting framed and shipped to 39350 zip code 
where is this pan made ? 
the title says it is a 12 '' pan but the product description says it is an 8-in fry pan , which is it ? 
can you purchase a lid for this pan ? 
can they be stacked to have 6 vertical ? 
what is the overall size of the jetmax 6 cube unit ? 
has any one used these for paperback novels ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions of each cube ? 
is this item available in the uk ? 
are these good for beer tasting or are they just good for using as a shot glass for liquor ? 
how many ounces does each mug hold ? 
what are the dimensions of this bowl height ? 
how many ounces do these glasses hold ? 
are the bowls oven safe ? 
are these stack-able ? 
also looking for replacement lids . 
how many ounces do these bowls hold ? 
are the containers leak-proof ? 
is this suitable for induction stove ? 
what does `` the helper '' refer to in `` 12 inch skillet with helper ? 
is a lid available ? 
where 's the lid ? 
do eggs stick ? 
can this skillet be used in the oven and if it can , how high a temperature can it tolerate ? 
what are the dimentions ? 
can this item be locked ? 
do these containers come with wheels ? 
is this lightweight or does it feel slightly heavy when held ? 
are the knives one solid piece ? 
is this product made in the usa ? 
does it rust in the dishwasher ? 
is the spoon durable enough to scoop ice cream ? 
weight ? 
where are these made ? 
are these bowls microwaveable ? 
are they made of soft plastic or hard , melamine-like plastic ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
is the shipping discreet ? 
is it real or fake fur ? 
is this silicon ? 
is the tail detachable from the plug ? 
what color is the tail ? 
what is the maximum diameter of the inserted portion ? 
is this from a real fox or is it fake fur ? 
what colors are in this curtain ? 
would you consider this a quick dry watershed curtain or does it require an additional liner as well ? 
other than home sweet home , what other sayings on the shower curtain ? 
what color pattern window treatment will go best with this shower curtain ? 
will the stars and vines patterns for decor match this curtain ? 
is this a cloth shower curtain or does it feel more like a shower liner ? 
do you have window curtain to match ? 
do u have the soap dispenser and the tooth brush holder that matches with this shower curtain ? 
is there a way to use paper filters and not use the gold filter ? 
how long to brew 14 cup pot ? 
is the same as cuisinart dcc-2600 ? 
does this ship to apo ? 
is there a warranty on this product ? 
i 've heard that a foam mattress absorbs all odors like body sweat while sleeping and after a few months it starts to smell is this true 
can this topper be trimmed to a smaller ( short queen ) size ? 
size 
can you cook on high on a stove or should you not go past a medium temperatures . 
do the two pans shown without lids in the picture above fit lids included in the set ? 
is this cookware made in the usa ? 
what are the sizes of the pots and pans in this set ? 
where is this product made ? 
is ceramic better safer than teflon ? 
how offen do i season the set 
metal utensil safe ? 
can it be use on induction cook top 
does this come with a shut off hose clamp that will allow you to stop flow to change bottles ? 
how is this at filtering sediment , especially in regards to dry-hopping ? 
how long is the glass tube ? 
is it long enough for a 15-gallon carboy ? 
can you use this auto siphon for 1 gal carboys , thanks 
dimensions ? 
how big is it ? 
what to use to decorate these to make them really bright and colorful like the images posted by users ? 
the description of this item says it 's a set of 3. is that 3 sets of the four cookie cutters as shown in all the photos & amp ; in the product description ? 
could these molds be used for creating resin shapes or just cookies ? 
can this support a memory foam mattress 
can you use the middle support bar when fitting the frame for a full bed ? 
what is the height of this frame ? 
how many inches from the floor ? 
anyone had a spill or an accident and was able to tell if the mattress was protected from getting wet ? 
does this just lay on top or does it `` attach '' at the corners ? 
what is the diameter of the carousel ? 
can you put them in the dishwasher or will the colour come off eventually ? 
stamped or forged ? 
are these glasses dishwasher safe or not ? 
how many ounces does it hod 
what is the diameter of these glasses 
are these crystalline or crystal ? 
what is the total length ? 
what is the total weight upon shipment ? 
how wide is the cubby whole for electronic component 
what are the measurements of the drawers ? 
will it fit a 10 inch mattress 
is this deep enough for a pillow top bed ? 
does it protect the sides of the mattress ? 
the top layer , does it have a smooth finish ( where it 's easy to wash ) or it 's like a tower ( furry and difficult to wash ) ? 
what is the country of orgin 
what is the density of the foam ? 
is a protector cover necessary ? 
i am not sure what size to buy because the full is 2 '' smaller in width and 3 '' smaller in length , if thats not ok would it be ok to cut the queen size ? 
would this make a soft mattress uncomfortable ? ... 
does it come with a cover ? 
i am looking to soften a firm memory foam mattress , would this help ? 
is it firm and supportive enough to stand alone , and could it be rolled up and then thrown into car for use on a camping excursion ? 
will the pack in the house tell you also what the food temp is , or does it just tell you the grill smoker temperature ? 
how long are the cords for the probes that are included ? 
will this unit work with another of the same running together , without each interefering with the others ' signal ? 
where can you purchase a longer probes ? 
how do the become wireless if they come with 3 foot long cords ? 
why is this considered a 'special edition ' 
do i need a special tool to open the battery cover on the thermometer unit ? 
where is it made ? 
shopping for dorm room bed supplies : do i get this and a mattress pad and not a topper or what ? 
will this stay on an adjustable hospital bed in the up position ? 
what size is bed 36.5 inches wide ? 
is it good for memory foam ? 
does this mattress protector trap heat ? 
is it washable ? 
is the actual color close to the color on photos ? 
what is the weight limit for these stools ? 
how tallis the stool ? 
are there any markings on the tops of the stools ? 
was there any tracking information available to you while the item was in transit ? 
latest review says there are only 4 stretchers instead of the advertised 6. has this been everyone else 's recent experience ? 
do you ever do black 
is it labelled as 8 cup rice cooker or 16 cup rice cooker ? 
does this have separate settings for white and brown rice ? 
does the inner lid removable ? 
is the chair back firm enough to lean against without being up against a wall ? 
what is the fabric ? 
is the cover removable ? 
how do you release it from chair to bed 
what is the seat height for the chair configuration 
i bought this and ca n't figure out how to fold it into a chair 
is shipping included ? 
what are the demetions 
does it come put togrther or do you have to do it ? 
can the knobs be replaced ? 
what are the dimensions of the package that it comes in ? 
would i be able to remove the stock nobs on it and replace them with my own ? 
is it hard to assemble ? 
would it be possible to poke a hole through the back to run wires through it ? 
will it keep coffee hot 
does it fit in cup holder in the car ? 
is the purple on the outside of this container paint ( that will eventually get scratched ) or a silicone cover ? 
is it made in japan ? 
how much does it cost to run the machine on electricity ? 
where do the minerals filtered out go ? 
was the installation difficult 
what is the heating element made of , stainless steel or other material ? 
i like this product but looks like the seal is not fully tight , wonder if draft will still be able to escape between the two magnet holddowns ? 
my fireplace only has the metal mesh screen and is 24h x 42w , will the medium work or is it too tall ? 
can this be used with a gas fireplace ? 
what sort of magnets would you recommend for filling in the gaps and closing them ? 
my fireplace measured 34 '' h x 36 '' w. what size will work better for me ? 
does this stop the smell of fireplace in the room ? 
my fireplace mesured 32 '' h x 37 '' w , what problem will i have to contend with ? 
is this only useful after a fire or can i use with flue closed just to keep a c in during summer winter ? 
does the fitted sheet have elastic all around ? 
does this come in twin size but extra long ? 
it does n't say microfiber in the description , but is that what these are ? 
i would like to purchase four additional king size pillow cases to go with my previous purchase of these sheets . 
how do these hold up against urine ? 
are the arms of this chair black ? 
what is the height of the seat ? 
what is the width of the seat cushion ? 
how much weight will this chair hold ? 
is the change comfortable and wide ? 
does it come with the ottoman ? 
is the chair real leather ? 
does this chair come in a reclining fabric style 
what are the washing instructions 
king dimensions and weight , please ? 
king dimensions please ? 
king dimensions ? 
12 oz ? 
do these glasses have the red lettering as in the picture ? 
do these glasses have the etched bicycle inside the base ? 
is this genuine leather ? 
is the color yellow mustard at all ? 
where do we buy the stuffing for the footstools ? 
does the footstool come with provided stuffing or does that have to be ordered separately ? 
do i cook the egg and bread separately ? 
i wan to make my sandwiches with a pork pattie do i h.ave to cook the pork first ? 
difference between 25475a and 25475 
can you use a commercial egg white mixture such as egg beaters in place of a whole egg 
does it take a lot of electricity to run ? 
do you toast the english muffin before putting it in the breakfast sandwich maker 
will it cook liquid eggs as well as a reg one ? 
just to clarify , if i wanted sausage ( which is what my kids prefer ) , i would have to pre-cook my sausage patties and have them thawed in the refrigerator to make the sandwich ? 
where is this made ? 
does this have any plastic parts ? 
can i grind flax seeds in this ? 
espresso grind anyone ? 
where is it manufactured ? 
does this grinder grind beans consistently for the french press ? 
what is the capacity ( in grams ) of this grinder ? 
is this a conical burr grinder ? 
what country was it made in ? 
who is the shipper fedex or ups ? 
can you get it without the writing ? 
is it glass or plastic 
can i drink water out of this ? 
does the wine glass detach from the actual bottle part ? 
does it come in a box 
are there four glasses for 23.82 or do you only get one glass for 23.82 ? 
are they glass or plastic 
what is the diameter of the round base of the glasses ? 
are these made of glass or crystal ? 
how tall is the unit 
need to know exact side to side measurement with ironing board and iron holder closed . 
what is the length of the irnoing board ( not including the iron holder ) ? 
can the ironing board be placed to overhang in the other direction ? 
what is the height from the top of the cutting board to the floor ? 
are any hooks provided for the bar above the cutting surface ? 
does it come assembled ? 
are the legs adjustable to use on uneven floor ? 
can an extra top shelf be ordered ? 
do you need tools to assemble it ? 
would you be able to add wheels to the bottom of the rack , making the unit moveable ? 
hello , i have a max space in my kitchen of 31 '' wide , will this item fit ? 
can you put this together without the middle rack ? 
does it come with sheets ? 
are the dark colors black or navy ? 
does it come with bag ( s ) ? 
what is the model number for the bags ? 
how much does it weigh 
power in amps 
can this be used to clean a computer cpu and keyboard ? 
how long is the cord ? 
about what length is the hose ? 
can i travel with these ? 
what is the size in inches of the largest box ? 
sizes of hat boxes 
when all the boxes are stacked , how high do they stand ? 
is it large enough to hold large hats ? 
is the bottom section a drawer or is it inaccessible ? 
is the glass hazy or clear 
does this model ( hf 708 ) also have the nano silver easy to maintain filter ? 
is it quite ? 
is the fan loud ? 
will the mist create wetness to floor and or furniture ? 
where is it manufactured ? 
does teh fan and teh mist stop when teh correct humidity level is reached or just the mist ? 
what are dimensions of the legs , width and depth please ? 
can someone tell me the measurements of the inside of this ottoman ? 
does the top completely off and can it be used as a tray ? 
does this stay open to prevent slamming shut ? 
what are the outside ( total ) dimensions ? 
how is the interior finished ? 
what are the package dimentions ? 
how tall are the feet ? 
is the color dark chocolate or black ? 
will you ship to hawaii ? 
does it come in other colors 
my wife also likes hot chocolate-can you make it in this machine ? 
can you use coffeeduck refillable coffee capsules for coffeeduck refillable coffee capsules for nespresso -c121 
are there supposed to be two attachments included for the aeroccino ? 
besides the machine what 's in the box ? 
are the glass k-cup holders stackable if i purchased more than 1 ? 
what is the height of this drawer ? 
can i use this for nescafe pods ? 
can the kurig elite 45 sit on top of this 
will this hold keurig vue cups 
will a keurig 2.0 fit alright on this ? 
what is the difference between 2.5 and 5.5 
can it be used alone without a mattress 
exact size ? 
where does the material come from and what is the density ? 
how much does it weighs ? 
what is the length and width of this product ? 
does it come in 4lb 
you answered one question that the 2 seat sofa is 116 '' and another was answered 90 '' the site says 96 '' so , how long is the 2 seat inc chaise ? 
is the chaise one piece or can it be moved to the other side ? 
is there any storage in the chaise part ? 
what are the dimensions of the two seat sofa ? 
what is the diameter ? 
what model # and voltage do the cups fit ? 
are these cups compatible with the baby bullet ? 
are these cups for the mini magic bullet ? 
do they come with the tops ? 
are these compatible with nutribullet 900 ? 
what is the capacity for the tall cup ? 
will your product ( magic bullet tall and short cup original replacement parts ) work for nutribullet and if not why not ? 
what is the outside diameter at the base ? 
is the inside stainless steel ? 
where is it made ? 
what is the overall height with and without the lid 
i want to be sure it fits under my keurig coffee maker ... how tall is the mug without the lid ? 
is the top easy to clean 
is the mouth piece pba free ? 
does the chaise piece adhere to the couch , or is it more like a moveable ottoman ? 
what are the dimensions after assembly ? 
what is the density of the foam cushioning ? 
is there any way to get a fabric sample sent to us ? 
are the pillows included on the sofa and the price ? 
what is the difference between this unit and 6021-3079 ? 
what 's the difference between this item and the whitmor 6021-3539-bb ? 
can the verticle supports be pushed down low into the base , so that the rack could be used by a very young ( or short ) child ? 
can you disassemble it for storage ? 
is the height adjustable ? 
how far do the bars extend out on either side past the vertical poles ? 
how much weight can it hold ? 
what is the width between the vertical bars ? 
do you have to flip the bed and mattress over in order to fold it up ? 
what are the exact folded up dimensions ? 
will a regular twin fitted sheet fit on it okay or do you need special sheets ? 
what is the thickness of the mattress ? 
does this vacuum work good for picking up dog hair , does is have good suction ? 
is there an attachment for hardwood floors 
what attachments come with this vacuum ? 
do you ship international ? 
where can i buy replacement filters for the shark nv500 
i need to know the model number 
does this cupboard come in black ? 
hi , do you have a similar white wall mount curio cabinet maybe 5-6 inches deep ? 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
does it only come in white . 
can this cabinet also be used as a table top rather than a wall mount 
the battery is rechargable ? 
would it be able to move between different rooms ? 
how long does it take to get to new york ( zip code 12919 ) if i buy it on monday 22 decembe ? 
is it loud ? 
how does this model compare with room mate ? 
how well does this work on carpet ? 
is this made in china ? 
can you program this for a specific time to go on ? 
does the top come off in order to clean inside easily ? 
does it beep when water reaches desired temperataure ? 
is there plastic anywhere that comes into contact with the water ? 
when opened is the top strong enough to support , say , a laptop ? 
is this table solid wood or something else 
how much weight can the table top handle when it 's open ? 
cound you put casters on it to make it easier to move ? 
does anyone know the dimensions ( height and depth ) with the desktop opened ? 
want dimensions ? 
do they stay wrinkled after washing and drying in dryer ? 
what are the lenght and width ? 
do you combine shipping if so how is it done at check out 
what size does it ? 
does it have quilt cover , pillow ? 
do them come with bedsak ? 
what does sateen mean ? 
are these made from cotton ? 
are they made of real wood ? 
how much can this safely hold in weight ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
dimensions ? 
can you please tell me the total width with all 3 pieces put together 
when installed , is the cabinet flush against the wall or is it only partly recessed ? 
is this a mirrored cabinet ? 
if i purchase 2 is the shipping $ 84 or $ 42 ? 
what are the dimensions , width , height and depth ? 
can the door be made to open the other way ? 
can you use tap water ? 
is this dual voltage ? 
how do you clean it ? 
is this tray microwave safe ? 
does `` nsf '' mean `` not food safe '' ? 
what is the density of the foam ? 
has anyone used them in a vacuum cleaner bag to eliminate doggy odors ? 
do they really cost $ 999.99 for 2 ( 50g ) bags ? 
would these work to remove the smell of stale cigarette smoke from a wooden desk drawers ? 
have any of the rhinestones gone missing from your hangers ? 
how do you open the hook , when i pull up on the left side it is not opening 
does this have a rubber flat part that goes against the table or is it all metal ? 
how to use it ? 
in terms of quarts , what are the sizes of the three saucepans ? 
does each pot come with its own lid ? 
will these saucepan rust if washed and used touch 
is this product already on frames ? 
are the covers glass ? 
are they oven safe ? 
what size are the pieces in this set - sauce pans , stock pot , pans ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
what is the warranty or guaranty on this set of pans ? 
what is the power of the motor 450 or 600. ? 
is this blender used instead of indian sumeet mixy , which works to make ginger , onion , and spices pastes and tomakecococut crash 
what is the part number for the rubber gasket ring ? 
how do i make sure i order and recieve a type ? 
what are the dimensions of this tob-100 ? 
your toaster oven descriptions should include dimensions and whether baking pan and broiler tray is included . 
size , l , h , d 
dimensions 
what size pizza does this oven hold ? 
what is the wattage , or electric usage 
what is the size of the toaster ? 
can you use bake without convection ? 
how many shelves does it come with ? 
how deep are the shelves ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the length and what is the material ? 
can this be used against the side of a refrigator ? 
what does the back of this knife magnet look like ? 
can this holder be attached to or against metal 
is the bottle made of bpa-free plastic ? 
does this bottle filter fluoride ? 
is it the same filter as the 2 gallon container ? 
does this filter allow americans to drink tap water in europe without digestive issues ? 
where do you get replacement filters ? 
does it filter out bpa if i poured bottle water into it , say at a party ? 
how do you properly install the straw and the little rubber piece ? 
how long does the filter last ? 
does any part of plastic come in contact with the coffee 
does it have the stop drip function ? 
does it have the stop drip function ? 
what is the voltage required 110 or 220 ? 
does anyone have any experiece with technivorm coffee makers at high altitude ? 
can any one tell me what the shower head looks like .is it a shower head that will saturate the coffee grounds or just a hole at the top of the brew basket 
what temperature is the coffee after brewing ? 
where do you buy a replacement carafe 
2 pack ? 
does this fit the 15 '' l14sk3 ? 
will this work on the lodge cast iron lid handles ? 
ok 
are the dimensions wrong ? 
can the strap be tightened to act as a handle to carry in hand 
has anyone tried this with a planetbox launch or rover ? 
i this airlocks compatible with better bottle ( plastic ) carboys ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
if these do n't fit on carboys as all the customers have stated , why do you sell them for and claim they fit carboys ? 
what size jug does it fit 
does the top cap come off to allow for a hose to be attached for overflow 
what material are these , ,plastic or glass ? 
i use milk jugs to make wine , will these fit 
will this fit on http : www.amazon.com gallon-reusable ... 
ampacity requirement of 18000 btu unit . 
does the unit have a backup heat strip 
does it come precharged ? 
is it quiet ? 
can this be used on the gray side or does the teal show on that side ? 
is this machine washable ? 
dose it come with all the things in the picture ( the 2 blue pillows , the blue and gray striped one , and the other grey one ) ? 
i wan na know am seeing in the pic the other side it 's gray , can we used it as two faces or just the pink side ? 
what are the dimensions for full wide ? 
is this a mattress 
can it be rolled up or folded for storage ? 
is the cover waterproof ? 
what is the difference in inches between full and full wide ? 
is the weight of these like phaltzgraph or like corelle or in between ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
are these stoneware or porcelain ? 
can you use them in the microwave ? 
in inches , how large are the plates ? 
what do i do if i want to keep the sets but have one cup , one bowl and one breakfast plate that has chips or missing some of the color ? 
size 
size 
is it washable ? 
what kind of frame does this headboard go with ? 
is this king or ca king ? 
does it have dual controls ? 
how many amps is this blanket rated for ? 
where is it made 
does the blanket slip off bed ? 
does it have digital controls ? 
are the controls wireless ? 
does it go under the person or on top ... . 
does it come in a california king size ? 
are the controllers really 20 heat settings and preheat and auto off ? 
does the cover seal the pan ? 
is this a pfoa free ? 
does the handle of the calphalon easy system non-stick handles stay cool all during cooking ? 
internal dimensions ? 
what is the maximum size roast or turkey that can be made ? 
is there a temperature limit in which these roasting pans can not exceed ? 
what is the base material of the pan , aluminum , cast or steel ? 
can this accommodate a turkey larger than 10lbs ? 
i thought the bigger cups were 20oz not 16oz ? 
we use straws for smoothies , is there a small opening just for that ? 
will this also work with the nutribullet ? 
what is the wattage ? 
does it have a dough kneading blade ? 
watts 
can i use these in my reuseable kcup to make espresso 
are they one cup coffee filters 
are you able to compost these filters ? 
do these filters help to keep the water from leaking out of the sides of any refillable k cup ? 
where are these filters manufactured in ? 
do they work well in the brew & amp ; save refillable k-cup ? 
can these filters be used with the k145 model ? 
do your paper kcup filters work in eco-fill 2.0 reusable k-cup from perfect pod 
what 's the measurements ( length and width ) of these bags ? 
is it good for cheese or and kefir ? 
what is the micron size of these bags ? 
how do i send a message to choose color ? 
where do i select which color i want ? 
can you mount on wall ? 
are these heavy bowls or more light weight ? 
picture shows 4 bowls , but description says 3 bowls , how many do you get ? 
can i use electric beaters in these bowls ? 
do these bowls nest for storage ? 
what are the sizes of these bowls ? 
say i wanted to make a hollandaise sauce ... do the silicone bottoms cause any problems when trying to do this type of cooking over simmering water ? 
are this made by excelsteel ? 
how many liters does the large bowl hold ? 
is there a 6 quart bowl ? 
can you use any type of soap or only the green foam ? 
what kind of soap goes into the dispenser ? 
is this product compatible with keurig 2.0 ? 
is this compatible with the k40 elite 
will this k- cup work with the keurig 2.0 ? 
can this be used on the new 2.0 version 
can they be used for the mr. coffee bvmc-k65 series ? 
can i use this for tea ? 
will it fit k60 special edition 
is there a trundle bed underneath 
what is the weight limit for this bed ? 
are these bpa-free ? 
are they light weight ? 
do these glasses have a ridge on the bottom that catches water in the dishwasher ? 
where are these made in ? 
will this braun wk300 work on new york city electric current ? 
does this braun kettle work on standard new york city electric current ? 
does this braun kettle work in new york city on new york current ? 
is there a warranty with this ? 
i like to add protein whey to my juice to make it a meal replacement , can you add powder in the shut while juicing so that it is mixed in with juice ? 
what 's the difference between this , the v1 and the v2 ? 
what is the different between v1 and k cups ? 
can i use this filter in the keurig vue 600 ? 
can you buy this coffee in stores cause i ca n't find it 
vue600 reusable coffee pods 
can this be used with keurig 2.0 ? 
how long have you been using the solofill v1 , do you get coffee grinds in your cup and has using this product damaged your keurig vue ? 
can you bake with these 
do these cups say what type of stanless steel ? 
is there a lid made to go with these tumblers ? 
do these stack well or do they get stuck together ? 
do these stack inside of each other ? 
what is the country of origin for these ? 
how much does one stainless double-wall cup weigh ? 
is this the same pitcher that keurig sells for about $ 25 ? 
how many k cups does it take to fill it ? 
is this carafe dishwasher safe ? 
does this fit the kuerig 2.0 systems ? 
will it fit the platinum ? 
can you use this carafe with the vue 
are these glasses actually made my luminarc ? 
did you experience any leaking after you close the lid tightly ? 
do these say 500 on the bottom 
what are the ounces for each ? 
does this set come with the lids as the picture shows ? 
is the interior non-stick ? 
what is the lowest set able temperature 
is the door clear glass or smoked glass ? 
if i place this on my counter top , how much clearance is needed above the top of the toaster oven ? 
can i get the size please 
does the non-stick surface contain ptfe ? 
is the finish stainless steel- or is it silver ? 
does the variable power knob instantaneously control the motor speed or is there a lag ? 
will this model crush chop icecubes for frozen bar drinks ? 
will it blend carrots into juice ? 
does it mill nuts and grain ? 
can i use it on 220v power or i need convertor 
can i make nut butters with it ? 
will if fit under kitchen cabinets ? 
does it sleep hot ? 
what are the dimensions of the mattress ? 
how much liquid do these hold ? 
are these safe to use in the toaster oven ? 
can these be used in a toaster oven ? 
are they made in the u.s.a . 
are these safe to use in the toaster oven ? 
is it borosilicate glass ? 
what size are these and how much do they hold ? 
i know it is mostly common sense as to using these but was or is there an instruction manual for these ? 
are these bpa free ? 
is it a quality unit ? 
has anyone installed the cooler into a 15 '' x 34 '' trash compactor space and then attempted to dampen the sound with insulation ? 
what is the exact width of the body that is built in ( not the door width ) ? 
does it have a lock ? 
does the power cable have a flat end that plugs into the wall where the cable goes to the side that saves space ? 
do the wine racks slide out without hitting the rubber insulation , when the door is at a 90 degree open angle ? 
can these bowls be put in freezer 
what sizes are the bowls ? 
are these lightweight compared to a ceramic or glass bowl ? 
are these microwave safe ? 
how comfortable is it to sleep on ? 
does your product come with mattress along with frame ? 
what size length and width is the thing ... 
what are the dimensions 
what are the dimensions ? 
is the stool sturdy enough to hold 220 pounds ? 
does this item have an actual drawer , or is it made to just look like a drawer ? 
will this work with kindle fire ? 
will this work on my nokia 928 windows 8 phone ? 
does this work with samsung galaxy tab 2 ( 7 inch ) ? 
is this 18 10 stainless ? 
is this set 18 10 ? 
are the knives hollow ? 
where is this flatware made ? 
how many filters are there in the box ? 
are these filters compatible with the filtramax water filtration system ? 
is this compatible with dupont wfpf13003 universal whole house ? 
will this filter fit a kinetico model 517 system ? 
is this compatible with ge houehold sediment filter 
can i combine carbon and other filters in 3 filter system 
are they made in the usa ? 
how would this work as a beer growler ? 
can you freeze in this container ? 
can you detach the handle so that you can clip it on to a backpack ? 
is this thermos dishwasher safe ? 
is the plastic cup bpa free ? 
does the plastic cap break down from hot water eventually ? 
does it really take 2 months to get it ? 
does it have a setting for percolated coffee ? 
what is the height ? 
how long can coffee beans be stored in the hopper before getting stale ? 
how would you describe the noise level ? 
where is it made ? 
will this machine make half batches ? 
what is the warranty 
if anyone has tried it with real gelato recipes ( 6-8 % butterfat , roughly half of ice cream 's ) , did it get dry enough ? 
how hard is this thing to clean ? 
does this machine make gelato ? 
does the paddle thoroughly scrape the sides of the bowl while churning , or does it leave a thin frozen layer clinging to the sides when done ? 
does it come with a recipe book ? 
what 's the difference between the cfo-1000 and the cfo-3ss 
is it detachable from the base ? 
are the pot and stand one unit , or detachable ? 
what is the highest temperature ? 
does the king size fit perfectly ? 
will the comforter be fit for a 86 by 102 cover ? 
is this a comforter or do you need to get a duvet to put this into ? 
is the outside synthetic too or just the inside ( filler ) 
what is the fill power ? 
what is the thread count ? 
is the cover cotton or polyester ? 
is a glass jar or plastic ? 
is it as low as some of the reviews indicate 
how many oz cups does it hold ? 
is this blender over 14 '' .. 
can this be used to blend other stuff like tomatoes and onion or it 's just for smoothies 
how do you clean the blade 
what is the voltage of this blender ? 
power voltage for this blender ? 
does it come with an extra vegetables jar ? i seen in somebody 's kitchen they have an extra jar for vege , i was wonder does it included 
what is container made of 
can you leave your cooked rice in it for several days and the rice will not smell ? 
does this support 220v or 240 v for uk ? 
does this model have the detachable inner lid ? 
does it have english on it for the buttons or is it in korean 
what color you have for this item ? 
does it have a keep-warm function ? 
what are the diminsions 
do you think that this could be sturdy enough to be a tv stand ? 
is it solid wood with no formaldehyde 
is the back finished wood ? 
i am consiudering using this bookshelf to put my 50 lb guitar amplifier on top of , not sure if it can handle the weight ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
item number ? 
what is the electrical voltage ? 
is the exterior of this item hot to touch when the water boils ? 
how many cups does it brew looking for only 8oz . 
if one fills up the kettle with cold water to the maximum line , how long does it take for the automatic shut off switch to flip to the off position ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
where is it made ? 
is this kettle a dual wattage ? 
does the water touch any plastic or non stainless steel parts ? 
is this stainless steel or plastic ? 
is this price for two sets of two-panel doors , as pictured [ 60 '' total width ] , or just one set ? 
does the hardware come with the doors ? 
can you remove the louvers ? 
are the knobs removable ? 
is this white pine ? 
these are vented louvers right ? 
do you have these doors in a twenty-eight inch width ? 
do you have a 36 inch oak louvered bifold closet door 
what is the thread count ? 
is there batting inside the quilt ? 
where are the linens made ? 
do you cover with a pillow case ? 
does the keyboard clip on to the case so that it stays in place while typing on the go ? 
can i text with it ? 
this keyboard work on samsung galaxy s3 mini ? 
will this work on a verizon lte 4g galaxy s 111 samsung 
can you still take pictures 
how deep is it ? 
what are the dimensions of this cabinet ? 
what are the measurements ? 
how much assembly is required ? 
are there shelves behind the door ? 
can it hold towels and if it can how many ? 
could i leave the rim around the top off ? 
can a fitted bottom sheet be used fitted ? 
will this sleep two adults 
would this mattress work on the frame for a full size fold out couch 
where does the enclosure sit on the pillow ? 
is this pillowcase made in the usa and is it chemical free 
do you sweat in silk pillow cases like you do in satan ones ? 
where does this ship from ? 
are these made from the silkworm or the natural process involving the silkworm ? 
dry clean only ? 
do these come in king also ? 
i bought this product but the box was missing assembling instructions 
what is the table lengt , with and height ? 
the length mentioned is 88 inches , is that correct information ? 
is this product compatible with the breville je98xl juice fountain plus 850-watt juice extractor ? 
if thrown in compost , how long until the bag dissolves ? 
is this product compatible with the breville bje510xl juice extractor ? 
does this come built 
why are there 2 different diminsions posted ? 
why are there 2 different diminsions posted ? 
is this ice bucket insulated by a liner ? 
can this bucket fit a wine carafe with a little bit of ice ? 
does this model have a reverse button ? 
what 's the difference between the omega vrt 330 versus the omega vrt 350 ? 
can you use it with one hand ? 
is this 220v ? 
is this juicer good for making juice from pomegranates ? 
does this juicer come with containers to collect juice and pulp ? 
is this machine washable 
do i have to put a comforter in the cover ? -- or can i use it the way it ships 
is there a bed skirt matching the color of the duvet color ? 
what exactly is the color ? 
i have a champagne colored set now , considering the color questions , would you say this set would be a suitable substitute ? 
the measurements for the queen and the king are the exact same , is that accurate ? 
hi there -- i am contimplating buying this..it looks like in the picture there is some gold tones in the faberic is this correct ? 
do i have to put a comforter in the cover ? -- or can i use it the way it ships 
is there a matching bedskirt 
can you use one side at a time ? 
how many eggs will this hold ? 
does a light come on when the omelet is done 
this is 120v or 240 ? 
is it 110v and 220v ac 
does this have an auto shut off 
is this pan electric 
will this help with copd 
how does this filter stack against a houseful of cat hair ? 
why is there no shipping to ca ? 
how many square feet does it cover ? 
i was wondering if this will remove urine smell out of a house ? 
is it a heater too ? 
huge dust problem ; will this air purifier keep dust down in my home ? 
does this reduce eliminate carcinogens from cigarette smoking ? 
are the legs brown or black ? 
is the outside covering real leather or man made material ? 
is this ottoman entirely covered in leather ( other than the legs ) - the picture makes it look as though the top and sides are fabric 
can this be used for sleeping on the lower back instead of the neck ? 
what are lumbor rolls dimentions 
where is this made ? 
what are dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
do remote controls work through the glass door ? 
could i stack a stocked mini fridge , about 70 lbs , on top ? 
could i stack a stocked mini fridge , about 70 lbs , on top ? 
how much weight can i stack on top ? 
are there holes in the back , inside cabinet for cords to go through ? 
looking for interior width dimenson 
can this be set up to have the shelf in a spot where it will support 2 rows of vinyl records ? 
what are the dimensions of pinnacle 101915 
what is the weight capacity for the queen bed ? 
can the two beds be separated and used separately ? 
so , why does n't it say right upfront that it requires an extra long twin mattress ? 
can a trundle bed fit underneath if the ladder is removed ? 
it is listed as a duvet coverlet , can it be used as a bedspread ? 
can you tell me the color on the back of the quilt ? 
what bed ruffle would look good with this quilt ? 
does it include shams ? 
i just painted and my room is beige and turquoise ( green with a hint of blue ) is the color true to what amazon shows ? 
does this unit have a heating element in the bottom also 
what is the depth and width 
i just purchased this in march we have lost the little black piece that makes the stirer move how do i order part fast ? 
is it 110 cuurent 
doe 's this machine have a warranty ? 
is this a 110 or 220 volt model ? 
do these stack inside of each other ? 
how many oz ? 
what size and how many ounces are these cups ? 
are these lined with anything 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
what 's its cadr rating ? 
does it use ozone ? 
can you turn off the plasmawave feature ? 
does the p300 have a remote control ? 
what 's the difference between this purifier and the 5300 ? 
can it be used on it 's side ? 
can someone tell me the dimension for each space ? appreciated 
does this tv stand on wheels 
does this tv stand have cut out holes to place the cords through ? 
can i get detail dimension of this ? thanks 
in the center shelf do you have to cut your own holes for wires to feed through ? 
is this sturdy enough to support an older , heavier tv ? 
what are the dimensions of the entire unit ? 
it seems short for it to be only 23.8 '' tall , is this accurate.. usually pails are over 30 '' tall 
what are the outside dimensions of this item ? 
what are the demenions of this item ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
can you mix the batter in the dispenser or must it be mixed separately ? 
how much batter ( how may cups ) does the dispenser hold ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
has anyone tried seeding raspberries with this ? 
does this product contain a manual ? 
what size are the openings on each oh the disks 
does this mill have the screw and wire that goes underneath to scrape the underside of the discs to keep the pulp off ? 
just got these , and the sticker is obvious and kinda ugly , not at all like the photo ... is that normal ? 
the dimensions suggest this is 1 2 too tall for the kallax from ikea ... .has anyone tried it 
is there a protective bottom ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
hello , is this solid wood or veneer ? 
what other finishes are available ? 
i 'm assuming the veneer is over mdf - is it the new mdf with lower emissions , or the older mdf ? 
how much wall space do u need from corner of wall to the end of one of the sides ? 
what is the measurement along the wall ? 
is it dishwasher friendly ? 
can you put hot liquids in the cup like hot cocoa ? 
is this a double tumbler cup or just one ? 
is this cup bpa free ? 
whats the maximum size of frame it will take ? 
does it come with legs . 
does the handle `` free spin '' ? 
is it suitable for medium frames ? 
is this a radial or tangential extractor ? 
how deep is the cover ? 
is it waterproof ? 
is it six sided coverage ? 
how many inches deep is the cover ? 
does it require distilled water ? 
does this steamer come with the crease attachment ? 
what attachments come with this unit ? 
does it work for 220v ? 
does it have a crease attachment ? 
does the manufacturer 's warranty cover uk ? 
does the rowen focus have adjusing steam 
i found each time after using the steamer , always some water in the area that hold water reservoir , is this normal ? 
is purchasing the steamer with the roll and press worth the extra cost compared to the one without the roll and press support ? 
are these water proof ? 
does this mattress cover stay securely in place ? 
are the slots wide enough for trendy wide bill baseball caps ? 
can you hang this on a wall ? 
is there an adjustment for strengh of the coffee 
how can you brew from one k-cup for 3 sizes of cups and have it taste the same ? 
do you have to use k-cup portion packs only or can you use other brands ? 
can i brew tea with this machine ? 
is there a water filter for this coffee maker 
can the elite brewing system use all kinds of k cups ... i do n't want the 2.9 for that reason 
can it use a water filter 
does it come with a kcup to brew your own coffee in 
is this bed made with storage ( drawers on either side ) ? 
does this come in other colors or fabrics ? 
does this coffee maker have a window for the water 
is this coffee maker a 4 hr auto shut off 
how long is the electric cord ? 
what is the inside of the reservoir made of ? 
do the swarovski crystals have anything to do with making coffee ? 
made in 
does a recipe booklet accompany this item ? 
is this a 4 or 6 qt cooker ? 
how high does the psi go ? 
where made 
can this be used in europe ( 220 volt ) ? 
is there a lot of gryffindor detail on the scarf or just the small patch at the bottom ? 
does this throw come in the box shown ? 
what are the inner dimensions of the drawers ? 
what is its weight ? 
can the towel bar be attached to the other side ? 
what is the height from the middle shelf to the bottom shelf ? 
is it a paper towel holder or just a towel rack ? 
is this bag machine washable ? 
can it fit a portable water bottle , a can of juice , a portable thermos stainless coffee cup , a lunch tupperware and snacks all in this one bag ? 
would a rubbermaid lunch blox kit fit in this ? 
how good is it at keeping things cold ? 
can this also be a baby bottle carrying bag ? 
what is the dimensions of this bag . 
what retailers carry this product ? 
does `` 2-pack '' mean 2 serarate bowls or 1 bowl that will hold 2 packs of ramen ? 
is it okay to put a lid or napkin over this while cooking just to prevent splatter ? 
is this product made of plastic ? 
if softer than cotton , have high thread count for little money , have cold wash , like colors , take out of dryer promptly are they made of `` modol '' ? 
thread count 
how much does it weigh ? 
has anyone used this for tent camping ? 
can it be machine washed ? 
is this mat actually 60 '' x 80 '' or is it 30 '' x 80 '' ? 
are they machine washable ? 
do these pillow inserts have a zipper so you could put more filling in when if necessary ? 
will this fit into a 20 '' square pillow cover 
does it hold a 9x13 
does the outside of the oven get hot when baking ? 
i just bought this oven and the timer and bake , etc knobs are firm to twist..the temp knob turns effortlessly is that normal ? 
has anyone noticed that the black lettering around the knobs has started to wear off ? 
does the rack advance upon opening the door 
why the absense of wattage in the description since it is the most critical of criteria for a purchase ? 
does the writing portion fold up or does the desk always stick out ? 
does it have some voids or empty panels on the back or inside to run power wires for your computer of lamp ? 
is it more brown or black color if it is in espresso color 
is the color dark expresso ? 
what is the weight limit ? 
what about toasting bread , everyone seems to rave only about bagels ? 
what are the dimensions ( footprint ) of this toaster ? 
does this toaster have a crumb tray at the bottom that slides out to remove all the crumbs that collect on the bottom ? 
does this pop up enough so that english muffins can be removed without tongs or burnt fingers ? 
only 120v ? 
is there a cancel button ? 
are these crystal glasses ? 
this item is avaiable to be package for international shipment ? 
i wnat to no if you can personlised the flutes of champagne for use 
i was wondering if these could be engraved ? 
can these be personalized or engraved 
is this jug bpa free ? 
is it hdpe or ldpe a reviewer says it is actually labeled ldpe on the jug . 
can i store nitrocellulose lacquer in this jug ? 
how wide is the actual opening 
does the microfiber create a lot of body heat ? 
does the color of the darker sets ( like eggplant ) fade away by sun light ? 
can i get a cup of hot water without making coffee ? 
i 'm replacing an older keurig , are all the k cups the same size or does this model take bigger k cups ? 
what are the 5 cup sizes 
can you get hot water for cooking or soups ? 
is this the same as b70 ? 
is this model quieter than the previous ones ? 
what are the settings for brewing a cup of coffee 
does this item come with the 1 or 2 year warranty ? 
how do i turn off the automatic on system on the unit ? 
we just got the k75 unit and need to know if use a larger mug do we have to use more then one k-cup ? 
what is the warranty on this product ? 
is it possible to mount the outdoor unit higher than the indoor unit ? 
does this come with refrigerant and does it require professional installation ? 
is the defrost cycle time initated or demand ? 
can this unit ship by usps ? 
does the system operate continuously in all rooms , or does it time share each interior unit ? 
will it fit a kitchenaid copper clad 10 inch frying pan ? 
is this 10 inch inner lip diameter or outside edge diameter ( inner lip seems to be a bit smaller than outside edge ) ? 
i ca n't get my tomatoes and onions to stay connected to the spikes . 
would this work well for shredding cabbage for slaw ? 
did this one come with the blade protector ? 
how many different blades are provided with this slicer ? 
is this a good cheese slicer ? 
how do you cut strawberries with v slicer 
can the cube and drawers be turned upside down so that the larger drawers are on the bottom and smaller drawers on top ? 
dies it have a top flip lid ? 
can you buy the top tray separately ? 
is it possible to leave the flip top open and flip it all the way backward so that it 's tucked behind the box itself ? 
can the handles be changed out for acrylic knobs once purchased ? 
what is the width of this organizer ? 
what is the total height of this organizer ? 
can an lcd display clock or power indicator light from a cable box be seen through the frosted glass door ? 
when using a dvd player , tv box , or gaming device can they receive signal from a remote through the glass ? 
can i do without the legs and just rest the whole piece on my floor so there no no small gap underneath ? 
will remotes work thru glass door or must it always be open ? 
are there dovetail drawers in tv stand 
what are the dimensions ? 
how hard soft are the pillows ? 
is the pillow cooling breathable or does it make for a hot head at night ? 
are these for side-sleepers or are these for everyone , no matter how you sleep ? 
do they have a chemical smell ? 
do they have a chemical smell ? 
how tall is this pillow ? 
why do n't i see sleep master on the centipur-us website since it states they 're certified in the item description ? 
is this bpa free ? 
is this made in china ? 
does this fit smaller pots ? 
can you use it in rice cooker ? 
can this is be placed in container with water to use in microwave ? 
is it compatible whith mb 1001 
nutibullet is diferent to magic bullet 
will this product fit the mini magic bullet ? 
that no is my queston , are diferent , because nutribulet the blade are more big tha magic bulet let mi know if you have the blade to nutribullet 
what is the diameter across , please ? 
will this blade fit on a farberware blender ? 
does this work with the rocket blender ? 
will this work on my nuwave twister ? 
i have the orginal magic bullet model pp 101 i need the cross blade it is approx 4 '' round the newer one is smaller which one do you have ? 
what is the density of the foam ? 
can some one explain what `` small body impressions less than 1.5 inches are normal '' means since their not covered under the warranty ? 
what is the weight of this ? 
dimensions of this product please ? 
does it come with a removable washable cover ? 
where is this made ? 
what are the measurements 
can it be cut 
what is the ild rating for this topper ? 
does this fit model 550 
does the one cup have a cone shape to fit the gevalia dual cup traveler machine ? 
does this fit the keurig vue machines 
does the filter fit in the b30 single serve keurig ? 
does this fit into the holder of keurig reusuable filter codffee 
does it make nut butter ? 
is this the recalled product with faulty cannister blade ? 
peak motor horse power is 2.2. but the description says it is 2. is this 2.2-peak-horsepower motor ? 
does it have a pulse function ? 
is this the same as the one sold on the vitamix website for $ 639.00 ? 
will i be able to purchase a 'dry container ' for this vitamix as well ? 
does this come with the 7 year warranty from vitamix ? 
are there ties or clips at the inside corners to attach to a comforter ? 
is the fabric thin and see through ? 
thread count 
is the white really white or is it an off-white ? 
how easy difficult is it to clean ? 
how do i get replacement parts for this machine ? 
does it work 
does the machine remove the pulp from the oranges ? 
how many ounces per minute does this machine produce ? 
what size oranges can i use in the machine ? 
do these have an air tight seal ? 
do u have these canisters sets with red stars on them ? 
does this put out a lot of heat ? 
hose ? 
how noisy is it ? 
where do i buy a short ( 1-2 feet ) garden hose to connect to the back of the dehumidifier to achieve continuous drainage ? 
what is the decibel rating ? 
what is the size height , width , length 
what is the square footage a 30pint will dehumidify ? 
what is the height & amp ; width of unit ? 
i need a dehumidifier that will automatically turn on after a power failure - conflicting answering here - anyone know for sure ? 
what all comes with this or is it just the heel mode 
does it contain the styoform plarform 
is there a warranty ? 
are the shelves removeable 
do you notice sound of this running in the kitchen ? 
what are the demensssions 
are they leak proof ? 
are the bottoms removeable ? 
what size cake does it make ? 
can i simpley make my ( regular sized ) cheese cake recipe and expect it to fit in these 3 minis or would i need more ? 
can you make tuna tartar and use the mold to shape the dish ? 
i understand the size 30x60 but what is 2pic 
looking for 3 piece it 's a tree with a few blue flowers and a moon in the center , i have a picture 
i 'm confused between the reviews and the description ... .is this a pre hung peice or is it going to come in a roll and i will need to get it framed ? 
so if the description says , and i quote , ( stretched and framed ) - why are we getting the artworked rolled up in a tube ? 
do they freeze well ? 
does the inside that you make the pops in come out for cleaning ? 
how many cake pops does this particular cake pop maker make at 1 time ? 
does the king fitted sheet fit a 18 inch pillow tap mattress ? 
how deeep are the pockets for king size 
what size are the king and queen pillow cases ? 
will it fit a 15 '' mattress ? 
is the elastic on the king fitted sheet around the whole sheet or just on each corner ? 
is it 100 % cotton or with something else ? 
would this bench work as full time table seating ? 
what is the maximum weight limit for sitting ? 
what are the exterior dimensions ? 
is this bright white or off white 
is this bright white or off white 
what are the dimensions 
is this a hinged lid ? 
what are the dimentions 
the white one looks more off white in the picture , is it realy white , white or more cream color ? 
how tall is the ottomen 
will this restore shine to laminate countertops ? 
does anyone know if this can be used on marble ? 
can it be used on corian ? 
can it be used on the painted surface of automobiles ? 
why is one product ( kitchen wax ) and another creme color ( kitchen wax and cleaner.. i remember jubilee being whte 
can you use it on hard wood floors 
will this restore the shine on a white porcelain kitchen sink ? 
what size is the mat and what is it made of ? 
will this stick to a textured shower floor ? 
can you remove it and use again ? 
after installed , what is the best way to keep the bath tub clean ? 
what is the maximum weight limit ? 
having used this scale for a while , are you still happy with the consistency of the weights being measured ? 
how big is the platform 
looking for dimensions for square and round coasters 
would you be able to coat your artwork so they would n't run when a wet drink was set on them ? 
can i use these for sublimation ? 
what size are these 
how well would these hold up to watercolor washes ? 
can you use this to make hard candy 
what size ate these sticks ? 4inches ? 
what temperature do i use to bake the cake pops 
what is the diameter of a single cavity ? 
can i use this for candy pops ? 
does the drawers comes with the bed ? 
is the trundle bed also a full size ? 
does it come with mattresses ? 
does this bed come in black ? 
what is the maximum weight allowance for both the full size bed and trundle bed ? 
can you use a box spring if i wanted to ? 
do we have to put them together ? 
can someone please tell me the length of the bed and the width with the trundle pulled out ? 
will it grind peppercorns ? 
how does one clean this grinder ? 
can you grind nutmeg with this grinder ? 
what is the difference of this 17.99 model & amp ; the 29.99 model ? 
will it grind sesame seeds ? 
how well does it grind espresso grade fine coffee ? 
it 's great that it vibrates - can you adjust the volume of the chime alarm ( to be quieter in a gym ) ? 
how long does the battery last ? 
what are the dimensions of this pan , height , lenght , depth ? 
largest lbs turkey will fit ? 
does it come with a rack 
will this roaster roast a 12 pound turkey ? 
with the lid on , what is the total height inside the roaster ? 
is it made in usa 
does it have a grill or grate inside ? 
what is the capacity , how many quarts ? 
does it remove wax build up ? 
do you need to sweep hardwood floors prior to using this product ? 
does it work for carpet too ? 
how long did this product last , like a couple of years or more ? 
is there a divider in the middle of this cabinet ? 
is this color closer to a red or brown shade ? 
dimensions listed - but what is the length x width x height ? 
i would want to use this to sore different types of media ... i am wondering will my vinyl records fit in here with out getting damaged by the doors ? 
i 've been informed that this item is discontinued and it is hard to find being in stock ? can you confirm that you have this item in stock and how many ? 
do the shelves go all the way across or are there two separate sides ? 
what is the height from floor to the top shelf at the highest adjustment ? 
is assembly required on this unit ? 
does this duvet have ties in the corners to hold my comforter in place ? 
what material ? 
is the fabric thin ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
are these green ceramic fry pans dishwasher safe ? 
can you order lids for these pans ? 
how do you clean them ? 
where are the pans made ? 
do these work on an induction stove ? 
doe these pans work on induction cooktops ? 
i would like to know if it is sturdy and will not tip if glasses are placed on one side or is not filled completely . 
does 6 glasses fit well and would it hold different sized wine glasses without leaning on each other . 
do 6 glasses fit well and do n't clink together ? 
how hot does it get on the top , sides , and back when in use ? 
how many heat elements does it have ? 
what is the wattage of this toaster oven 
does this toaster have a pull-out crumb tray ? 
does this toaster oven have a shelf that automatically comes out when you open the door ? 
how many racks does it have 
is it 4or 6 slices ? 
does this have a two or three pronged plug ? 
what color wood it 
is this cabinet deep enough to hold rolls of toilet paper ? 
what are the dimentions ? 
measurements 
how is the back support 
what is color and wood type of the legs on these chairs ? 
are the legs of the chair dark brown or black on the black chairs ? 
is this chair sold in counter height ? 
what is the sitting height ? 
are the dividers in this box guaranteed compatible with 15ml oil bottles sold by `` doterra ' and `` young living ' ? 
are the dividers removable ? 
where is this box made in ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how hard is it to clean the inside of the unit ? 
how many sq ft will it cover 
how often do it need to be filled ? can you add a small amount of water daily ? is the plastic body strong ? 
will it work on two story homes 
would the top of this humidifier support 45 lbs ? 
what is average amount of product produced from a 5 gallon still ? 
what gauge copper is used ? 
is this legal for me to own . 
could i simply use this to distill water ? 
how long will it take to run 10 gals of mash and how much alcohol will i get ? 
how do you know what the alcohol by volume is ? 
is this for 6 racks which can hold 72 bottles or for 4 racks that can hold 48 botles ? 
does this wine rack accommodate different size bottles - some bottles are slightly larger at bottom . 
i am trying to match with another rack i have had for a few years , how tall are the stacking blocks ? 
please describe the assemble process of the unit 
what 's the difference between the frothtec and frothpro ? 
how many ounces of milk will this hold 
is the pitcher made of glass or plastic ? 
hi do you sell the metal disk that goes inside separately ? 
can it support 220v - 240v ? 
glass 
i understand that the glass carafe is made in germany but where is the rest of the appliance made ? 
is the back panelling the cardboard type folded up material or is it a solid piece of wood board ? 
will a 3-ring binder fit on the shelf in placed in the verticle postion ? 
think this will hold a 21lb epson printer on top ? 
how tall is this bookshelf 
how sturdy is it ? 
how sturdy is it ? 
i need to know how deep it is ? 
does the lid have a rubber or vinyl gasket ? 
does the lid have a rubber or vinyl gasket ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is it made in china ? 
are the lid and removeable crock dishwasher safe ? 
is it one or two sheets ? 
how deep are they ? 
does it comes with pillow sheet ? 
would this fit on a quart size mason jar ? 
is this a two-pack ? 
can you clean it in the dishwasher ? 
is there some way to close it , or will it spill out the drinking hole if it tips over ? 
does this come with the metal screw ring ? 
can you use the flat metal lid for mason jars under this drinking lid for no leakage when traveling ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
is this made in china products ? 
can you put them in the oven 
does this perform well on gas stove tops as well ? 
any particular wash dry instructions ? 
how deep are the pockets ? 
where are the sheets made ? 
do these sheets get pills at all ? 
what does the sheet set include , any pillow cases ? 
we have a king size bed and need up to 22 inch will these work ? 
is the pulp control `` variable '' eg , `` medium pulp '' vs either or pulp ? 
is it produced in korea ? 
is this a self-cleaning model ? 
can i use this model at 220v as well ? 
specifically with concord grapes : do you have to remove seeds before processing ? 
is this one 110v or 220v ? 
can you make smoothies with frozen fruits , or just fresh ones ? 
can this sofa be converted to a sleeper 
when will the right side chaise be available again ? 
what are the dimensions 
is the right side chaise still out of stock ? 
hi , what is teh difference between edition # 7 and # 9 ? 
are these sheets deep enough ? 
does elastic go all the way around the fitted sheet ? 
does it come pre-charged with freon ? 
can i order a 25 ' line set ( 1 4 '' 1 2 '' ) instead of 16 ' line set that comes with the installation kit ? 
i received the wyb012alfi19rl system today , minor dents to radiator ... will this effect performance ? 
how many amps does it require when running ? 
where is the pioneer ductless airconditioner manufactured ? 
what is the size of these stones ? 
can i use these in a cocktail shaker or will they shatter ? 
can you use these with carbonated beverages ? 
do the stones scratch glass crystal glasses ? 
are these made in the usa ? 
is the interior coated with teflon ? 
can you make latte art with it ? 
can you froth twice to make it frothier 
i want to know the dimensions for counter space . 
how fast does it warm up 
if i take the top upside down , can it be used as a tray ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what color is this ? 
does this one have wheels 
what are the inside dimensions ? 
is the color black or dark brown ? 
can i easily replace the feet ? 
i ca n't figure out how to request specific colors 
is this for 8 tumblers and do we get to select the colors ? 
do these include slid top lids ? 
how fast is the shipping ? 
what is the cover ( seat ) made out of if specified on the box or label under the seat ? 
is this chair good enough for childrens ? 
what are the maximum and minimum heights this adjusts to ? 
do the casters lock ? 
is this a chair good enough for 5'2 '' tall person ? 
where is this chair made ? 
does this chair have a tilt feature ? 
dimensions ? 
what are the measurements of this item ? 
is the pillow itself washable or just the case ? 
does this come with one or two pillows ? 
how thick is the standard low profile ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
what are the measurments of this blanket 
do you by chance have the matching shams with this ? 
does it come with the cheese or would that be a separate purchase ? 
can i buy a motor for one if i own one 
how many serving in a 140oz bag ? 
what type of battery ? 
how do you clean this scale properly ? 
can the battery be recharged or replaced ? 
can i use this to weigh letters ? 
what is the guarantee ? 
what are the measurements of the scale in inches 
i can not change the unit , it just stays in g. what 's the trick ? 
does it have 0 function & # xff1f ; 
what kind of batteries are needed 
does it have a case to store all the parts ? 
cordless ? 
from the blade up to the motor what components are made of plastic ? 
is it worth the extra $ 50 to purchase the kitchen aiud immersion blender with the added 13 '' removable arm ? 
how long is the warranty 
what are the dimensions of the storage case ? 
how powerful is the motor ( in watts ) ? 
does this take 10 min as advertised or somewhat longer ? 
can u make hot tea too ? 
can you make iced tea in it ? 
does this product come with all the parts and accessories that a new one comes with ? 
i want a juicer that will do most veggies and of course apples will this one do the trick with ease or will i need to do a lot of prep work ? 
is the juice pitcher included ? 
is the spout on the juice bowl short as it is shown in the picture or is it as long as the elite 's juice bowl spout ? 
what kind of warranty does it come with and how does it compare to a new model warranty ? 
what are the colors in this product ? 
is there a top sheet - fitted sheet is listed but not a top sheet 
are these glasses stackable ? 
how many colors in the assorted box ? 
what are the dimensions of this slate cheese board ? 
does this have non slip feet 
can you slice or cut cheese on this surface ? 
does this come with chalk ? 
does it come with a warraty ? 
can i add essential oils to this ? 
is there always a light on ? 
can you clean the optimus u-31001 1.5 ga cool mist ultrasonic humidifier only using clorox or can also use vinegar ? 
can this one turn off automatically if the water runs out ? 
if the unit is running & amp ; you unplug it & amp ; then plug it back in , will it turn on automatically or do you have to push a button to start it ? 
area size good for 
how long should you charge the battery prior to first use ? 
why are your reviews word for word the same as the strade battery operated fan listed for $ 17.20 ? 
how long does it last when fully charged ? 
what size ? 
can i provide artwork in pdf 
what color did you have the letters ? 
how do i get it personalized ? 
can put names at the end of each towel ? 
can i use a combination letters and numbers for a monogram and a date ? 
hello , i was told to order this but to say it was the pigtail configuration is what i needed , will this work 
i have a beam central vac system that was installed in 2004. will this be compatible ? 
is the item advertised a genuine beam rug master product with beam product markings ? 
how to clean a central vcuum system 
will this hose work with out lets that require the separate cord to plug into an electrical outlet ? 
does the hose come with a slip on protective cover ? 
are the legs removable ? 
what is it made of 
the pic looks like rust which i '' m looking for and want 2. how dark is the brown if it 's brown ? 
i was hoping someone could tell me how easy or hard is this for spot cleaning ? 
how tall is this table and how wide across ? 
does this table break down easily for storage ? 
is there any kind of warrenty for this table ? 
is there a way i can just order the top and not the stand ? 
can this be used for outdoors ? 
is the power cord on the left or right side and is the on off switch illuminated ? 
how quickly does it warm towels ? 
how many inches between the rails ? 
can this be a freestanding unit ? 
is this item truly hard wired or is it a plug in 
what is the warranty on this product 
is this a comfortable table to eat at or is it more for drinking at ? 
does this table come with an extention leaf ? 
do you have the cordenz buffet server that is shown in the picture as well ? 
do you need shoe stretching spray for this to work ? 
will these fit ( or work ) for pointy-toed high heels ? 
what about length will this work to stretch the length of the shoe ? 
will this be able to stretch thetoe part of my sneakers ? 
can this be used on flats as well ? 
i wear 7.5-8. what size should i order ? 
hello do the shoes have to be at least 3 '' ? 
can this be used for boots ? 
can this be used to make room for hammer toes , specifically to make room for a fourth toe hammer toe ? 
what is the size 
the width , length and height 
dimensions details of this product ? 
size 
is it covered in plastic or cloth ? 
how high is the chair from floor to top of chair ? 
does it have a inner liner 
is it worthwhile getting hte hepa filter for this s83890 vacuum cleaner ? 
if i purchase this vacuum through amazon.com will miele honor the warranty ? 
how much does this vacuum weigh ? 
is this vacuum overkill if i do n't have any pets ? 
may i know the size of the spatula ? 
re : the white spatula - has anyone had problems with it discoloring or staining ? 
what country is it made in ? 
what is included ? 
has anyone who bought the darker colors ( dark brown black ) had issues with color bleeding ? 
is it deep pocket ? 
is this a 1 ply or 2 ply bed sheet ? 
does the elastic goes all around or just the corners ? 
can the backing be removed to access the cubbies from both sides ? 
i want to know how wide the bookcase is to see if it will fit the space i want to put between a column and a radiator cover 
what are the dimensions of the cubbies ? 
i need the demensions for this product ? 
size of unit 
is there a paper liner between each foil liner ? 
does it include the lid ? 
does it include the lid ? 
can you put one of these foil cups inside a party colored paper cup so you still get to have fun with colored paper cups for birthday parties ? 
what is the height of these liners ? 
the cricket buzzing noise , does it go away ? 
which replacement filters fit into this unit , and where can they be purchased ? 
how many square feet does this unit cover ? 
if i set purifier to manual high and power off , will it remember this setting when pressing the power back on ? 
can you clean the filters , or do they need to be replaced ? 
how often do the filters have to be replaced ? 
what is the cost of replacement filters 
does this top fit the gallon ball jar ? 
what is the diameter of the opening please ? 
is it awkward to drink from this lid ? 
what is the diameter of the opening please ? 
what kind of plastic is it ? 
what size container does it fit ? 
is this heater quiet or does it make a lot of noise ? 
can you stop it from oscillating if you want to do that 
roughly how much does this unit add to your elctric bill ? 
does this unit have tip over shut off 
does the temperature switch to warm automatically after the heating time is finished ? 
what is the depth of the inside ceramic cook part ? 
can you set the slow cooker to cook for 2 hours on high then automatically switch to 6 hours on low , for a total of 8 hours of cooking ? 
does it turn off after it has been on warm for the specified time limit ? 
does it have a plastic gasket around the lid ? 
does this device have a lid holder ? 
does this rack need to be screwed into the door or is hanging it sufficient . 
does it fit dvd 's ? 
do you have other smaller width sizes ? 
dimensions ? 
how wide is this ? 
does this fit nutribullet cup 
dishwasher safe ? 
do these lids prevent leaking 100 % or does some seepage occur ? 
does this fit the magic bullet mini 
do these lids screw on or do they have have rubber gaskets to seal a 2 7 8 `` opening ? 
do they fit the 22-oz cups ? 
is this the price for 2 ? 
do they fit the nutribullet mugs ? 
do these lids prevent spilling leaking 100 % ? 
where is it made ? 
does it have an automatic shutoff ? . 
on the 1.5l kettle , can you get your hand in to clean out pot ? 
is the element exposed on the inside 
where is the kettle manufactured ? 
is it ul approved ? 
does it have a small plastic piece inside that touches boiling water , and lead to external water level indicator ? 
has anyone had issues with the automatic turn off switch not working after a month or two of use ? 
when you turn it on , does a light come on indicating that it 's heating ? 
are they stackable ? 
is it 2 chairs ? 
haw does the unit hold up with tap water or filtered water ? 
is there feature for warm and cool mist ? 
can the unit be set to turn off on when a certain % of humidity in the air is reached ? 
does the mineral cartridge come with the humidifier when you purchase ? 
what is the difference between evaporative and ultrasonic ? 
what , pray tell is a `` powerful beam of air '' , vornado ? 
is this better than the evaporation model ? 
does this have an automatic turn off ? 
do you leed to buy filters to make it work ? 
how would this work for someone who is 6 foot 6 ? 
can this be used in a low back chair ? 
if you 're in an aisle or middle seat on a plane , does this pillow help ? 
will this stop your head falling forwards ? 
does this pillow pitch your head forward like the u-shaped travel pillows ? 
is there any red in this quilt , or is it more `` hot pink '' ? 
what wall color would you suggest or did you use ? 
does it come with the pillow cases or just the quilt alone ? 
what size is it 
would this be ok for boys room 
what has been the washing experience of people who have purchased this quilt ? 
full 
is there any brown color in this quilt ? 
does this wok work on gas stoves ? 
does the 11 inch lid for the frying pan also fit this pan ? 
how wide is the diameter of the bottom of this pan ? 
what 's the diameter on the bottom for the 11 inch one ? 
what is its tall and the diameter of the base ? 
is this wok oven safe 
dishwasher safe ? 
could i get another photo on the other side of justin & amp ; how much will it cost ? 
will justin beiber be on both sides of the pillowcase or just on one side ? 
where do i get the other side of the pillow customized ? 
i just want to be sure that the pillowcase will look have this picture of justin beiber on it , right ? 
what size are the pillowcases , queen or standard ? 
is the top sheet attached to the bottom sheet ? 
is top sheet attached to bottom sheet ? 
do they wrinkle a lot ? 
how deep are they , i have additional 4 '' foam mattress topper will these fit ? 
has anyone used these sheets for a queen pop up camper ? 
what battery does this use ? 
how long is the metal probe in inches ? 
does it have an automatic shutoff switch for the display ? 
height ? 
does this bucket have half gallon or 1 gallon markings on either side ? 
why do n't you ship to turkey ... i ca n't complete my order 
is there space for name email address ? 
will these stickers adhere to ocean kayaks with the bumpy surface ? 
how soon after application of stickers can you go diving ? 
can you provide info on how to upload a custom logo ? 
hi , how much is the shipping fees to singapore ? 
what is the dimensions of the middle shelfs 
how is the tv attached to the pole ? 
are the shelves on both sides removable or fixed ? 
at the lowest and highest setting , how high is the bottom of the tv off the ground ? 
can you pivot the tv on the mount ? 
is color black ? 
can stand hold a 55 '' tv ? 
is this cookware set dishwasher safe ? 
is the cookware made in the us or china ? 
is this cookware induction capable . 
what is the height of this holder ? 
this pic shows the rack will hold 4 plates , but your descrip says 3. please confirm which ? 
what size plates will this hold ? 
would this be able to hold bowels they are a bit flatter than normal bowls ? 
is this flat aginst the wall or is it supposed to curve ? 
does this come with 2 bifold doors ? 
is `` net size '' of 35 11 16 x 78 3 4 the `` actual '' door size to fit a `` finish '' opening of 36 x 80 ? 
are they made of wood 
can these be painted ? 
my doorway measures just under 36 '' ... will this product work or do i need a custom size ? 
what is the thickness of these doors ? 
what is length and width ? 
is it solid wood or veneer ? 
what color is this table ? 
is this piece finished or would i be able to stain ? 
could this be used as an end table ? 
how big are the drawers ? 
height & amp ; width 
what is the country of origin ? 
is it possible to order just the lid ? 
are there painted measurements on the side of the glass in order to know how much liquid to add ? 
would it be possible to install a lock ? 
dimensions 
how many inches is from the bottom shelf to the top shelf ? 
is the back part stationary ? 
what are the dimensions of the table ? 
is it quiet ? 
from reviewer 's dent comments can i pay extra and have better packing and pkg marked `` do not tip '' ? 
are you able to set this frig on the carpet ? 
is the interior bag self standing or attached some way ? 
can you sit on this ? 
is there a way to buy additional extra inside liners ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the measurements ? 
does the tramontina 15-piece hard anodized cookware set work for induction cooking 
do the handles get hot on this cookset ? 
where was it made ? 
can metal utensils be used ? 
what size are the pans 
what is induction cooking ? 
i bought an analon set a couple of years ago ... already the frying pan is starting to bubble on the inside ... do these pans do that ... . 
does the beater bar turn off when it is in hard floors mode ? 
i want a quiet vacume as pssible . 
does this have a retractable cord ? 
does the handle fold down or does it remain as pictured ? 
i have a 1800sqft home mostly carpet ( kitchen bathrooms and hall ways are tile ) would this vaccum be good for the size of my home ? 
pet har 
does it vacuum wood floors ? 
does it fit a full 
will the sheets and comforter fit a queen size bed 
how firm is this mattress ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
does chairs come with it ? 
is assembly required ? 
where do i get the chair ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
where do you put the cutter bar on the box 
can this be used for wax paper and aluminum foil ? 
will this work for aluminum foil ? 
can this be stored in a drawer ? 
is the box made of plastic , metal or cardboard ? 
does this fit both 11 oz and 8 oz presses ? 
is this a 3 cup replacement 
what are the dimensions ? 
can this work with a starbucks french press by bodum ? 
could you give me the measured height , only have 15 inch under counter space , where you put coffee grounds , is it a pull out in front or open lid on top machine ? 
how hard ( how much of a mess ) is it to empty the coffee from the coffee maker on the rare occasions that there is leftover coffee ? 
i like my coffee hot sounds like this doesnt brew very hot ... 
is anyone else having trouble with water leaking into the heat element area ? 
hi there ... if someone wanted the best of both worlds ... does anyone use a carafe ( third-party or hamilton ) to use with this dispensing coffeemaker ? 
why do i get water under the holding tank ? 
where are these manufactured ? 
what is the care for removing stains : wine , coffee , milk or blood ? 
if softer than cotton , have high thread count for little money , have cold wash , like colors , take out of dryer promptly are they made of `` modol '' ? 
is it jersey ? 
does the print on the outside eventually rub off ? 
can this be used as a beaker for an immersion blender ? 
is it microwave safe ? 
i noticed these have either red or black printing , how do i get the black print only ... thanks 
does it have a 22 '' drop or is it 14 '' ? 
is this four-sided ? 
does it have split corners to go around bed posts ? 
does this shred cheese 
i am from france , can i use this blender without using a current transformer.is it in 220volt and with a european plug ? 
does this model have a removable blade ? 
what is the weight of this model ? 
do i still need to get a dough paddle even though it comes with a dough blade just checking thanks ? 
do these have openings on the side for sprinling and or measuring access ? 
do these have a good seal on them when closed ? 
are there slots to turn to shake the spice out instead of lifting the lid off every time ? 
what does 5 year warranty cover ? 
how firm is it , what 's the density ? 
does this fold up inside a sleeper couch ? 
what is the width of the side shelves ? 
what is the height of this product ? 
what is depth of the top shelf ? 
will it hold a 48 '' tv ? 
description says wood , but is it really solid wood ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
does it screw in ? 
what is the rack made out of is it metal ? 
were is made 
is it all gold plated or is it silver plated or is it gold and silver plated 
did the flatware come with a warranty ? 
does this blender have a cord or is it battery operated ? 
cake 
can this grind meat ? 
are there accessories 
does this come with any warranty ? 
does it work to make soaps ? 
des this model replace the plastic piece that tended to wear down in the old model it is replacing ? 
are they tippy when empty ? 
is 14.2 '' the height , 13.5 `` the width and 10.5 '' the depth ? 
what are the dimensions of a bin ? 
was wondering how tall these are when stacked , just want to know if they 'll fit in my freezer.thanks 
the description says `` recycled plastic '' but do they say if they are pet , pete , pe-hd , pp , or ps ( or maybe they 're just some heinz-57-mystery-plastic ) ? 
can you tell me how much assembly is required ? 
main description shows depth as 9 '' ; your answer to a question is 14 1 2 '' .. which is it ? 
can you tell me if an overweight person would be able to sit on this stool for several hours because they have problems standing for long periods of 
you say the barstool is heavy duty.what i want to know is how much weight can it hold and for how long a time ? . 
what is the overall depth of this stool ? 
is it possible to buy just stool ? 
how much does one stool weigh ? 
what are the dimensions of the seat part for these stools ? 
are the large and or medium big enough to use as ottomans ? 
what are the dimensions of the trunks ? 
how large are these trunks ? 
what are the dimensions for each of the 3 boxes ? 
does it come in the colors shown ? 
does the fitted bottom sheet stay securely on the mattress ? 
hi , are you able to ship this item to australia ? 
where was it manufactured ? 
when folded , what is the thickness ? 
what is the length ( height ) and depth of the unit when folded for storage ? 
is the iron rest removable ( so the square end can be used for ironing ) ? 
where can i get a new ironing board cover for this model ? 
is the pump built in or seperate ? 
is this durable enough for outdoor use like on a deck watching movies on a projection screen ? 
is there a weight limit ? 
how many feet is it ? 
what colors are there ? 
does this come with a pump ? 
how tall is it from the floor to the sitting area ? 
again , what are the dimensions of this butter dish ? 
is it large enough to hold two `` west coast '' sticks of butter ? 
what are the dimensions of this butter dish ? 
what is the length , width , circumfrance , etc of this pillow and the petite one ? 
what is the diameter in inches ? 
is the diameter 6-1 4 '' or 7 '' ? 
how long is the pillow ? 
does this work on brazilian bananas better than ones from italy ? 
does this work with 240 volts ? 
how long did it take to get yours ? 
if one of the slicing blades breaks , is there a replacement part repair kit available ? 
how often do the slicing blades need to be sharpened ? 
how thick do the slices end up being ? 
what are the dimensions of the drainer board 1480 a ? 
is this a light weight plastic ? 
how do these work versus the disks ? 
does each bear come its own package , or are the two bears in one package ? 
can these be used as essential oil diffusers ? 
are they lead-free ? 
are there directions with the bears ? 
made in the usa ? 
how does this come packaged and is it very difficult to unpackage and let unsettle ? 
i want to know the firmness of the mattress 
can someone please tell me where this is made ( country ) ? 
do i need a box spring ? 
do i really need a foundation ? 
is the density high enough where you slowly sink into the bed or low density where you sink right in ? 
why is this mattress marked down so much ? 
how many watts is it ? 
how much square feet covers ? 
worked then stopped 
if the power goes out does the thermostat have to be reset ? 
does it emit ozone 
does the power supply ranges from 110v to 240v ? 
i purchased this unit , and i would like to know if it is a plug and use item , or if additional items ( filters ) need to be purchased . 
what area does this air purifier cover -- a house , a room , or what ? 
how often do you have to place the filters ? 
how noisy is the machine ? 
is this suitable for popcorn ? 
does it come fully assembled ? 
can you feed it several or one black walnut at a time ? 
where is this product manufactured ? 
can you attach a v-belt pulley to this sheller so it can be run with a motor ? 
are these knives made in japan or taiwan ? 
what is rockwell hardness ? 
what are the six knives that are included in this set ? 
how do they clean up since they are not smooth ? 
are these knives for ambidextrous ? 
is this product has warranty ? 
does this come with a lid ? 
is it made in the usa ? 
will a carbonator cap fit on this ? 
what sized lids do you put on the growlers ? 
how much weight will this bench support for a person sitting on it ? 
what is the spacing between shelves ? 
how much weight can it hold ? 
what are the length and width of the bench ? 
what is the density per cubic foot ? 
do your sheets fit over this topper ? 
is there any warranty on the product ? 
is this product 25.98 x 11.81 x 31 , 26 x 26 x 43 , or 26 x 11.8 x 43 ( all three measurements appear on this page ) ? 
will these shelves hold a 12 '' photo album ? 
one more question - the picture of the shelf looks black , is this dark espresso , tobacco , or almost black in natural light ? 
if i wanted to add some type of basket for storage , would i bill able to find the right size and would it look good ? 
how high is the top shelf from the floor ? 
would this be ok to hold a tv on the top shelf 
is the espresso finish closer to brown or black ? 
will this sofa table hold a 33 pound flat screen tv ? 
is the glass shelf one piece or three ? 
does it smoke much , ie is it suitable for a kitchen with minimal ventilation ? 
what are the actual dimensions of the unit ? 
where is this fryer manufactured ? 
what are the dimensions of the basket on the breville smart fryer 
how many chicken wings will fit in the basket to fry together ? 
how long is it , and how wide ? 
how do you keep it from falling over in the closet ? 
do you ship to the uk if so how much 
what material are the pillows n do they have feathers ? 
is the red true red 
does this cover have buttons to close up the end once the filler is in it ? 
is there a polyester liner in this duvet cover , or are all the materials 100 % cotton ? 
would this fit a duvet measuring 94x96 without bunching up too much ? 
is the gray one true to color or does it have a blue tint ? 
what color sheets go best with the light grey duvet set ? 
when it say full queen how off is from each of the sizes ? 
where do you put the milk ? 
what kind of coffee would you use to make a cappucino ? 
where to you put to milk ? 
i would like to know do they come in red ? 
how thick is the mat ? 
how thick are these mats ? 
quiet or loud ? 
does this allow for continuous drainage through a hose hook up ? 
does it include a hose 
what type of manufacturer warranty comes with unit ? 
i have an unheated basement - is there a temperature limit or operable to a certain degree . 
i ca n't get the continuous drain feature to work..i hooked up a hose and its still draining into the container ... what am i missing here ? 
how do i determine the number of pints i need for my basement ? 
what is a good setting for this unit 
i want to order a few of these , my question is will a 1x1x1 wax tart fit in the basen or would i have to use just oil ? 
could we use wax instead of oil ? 
the green looks more beige - is it a bright green or a beige green ? 
can i use votive candle votive candle holders here ? 
is the glass transparent ( see through ) or opaque ( you can not see what is inside ) ? 
do you know if this fits in most cupholders ? 
i want to purchase a case of these - how much would it be ? 
several review on leaking within the glass , what 's the problem ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
how many oz in the $ 22 sippi wine cup ? 
will it work with my infuser ? 
can you let me know if this portafilter compatible with gaggia classic espresso machine 
my husband wears size 12 width eee but because of his feet being swollen -- the shoes fit tight -- would these stretchers work on the width ? 
does this product work on open toe shoes 
do they work with sneakers trainers ? 
could you use these to stretch the heels , the very back of the shoe ? 
can you use these for zippered dress boots ? 
shoe stretcher 
will they stretch the toe only , as in not the width ? 
will these work to stretch the shaft of a knee high boot ? 
does this work on all material shoes ? 
is it worth the price that it is ? 
is it better with bean or air filled ... ? 
is it bean bag chair or only the cover ? 
does it come with filling ? 
is it cumfy 
is is nice to lay on 
is this stainless steel or aluminum ? 
will this valve fit to 1.5 litre prstige cooker ? 
i have an old prestige pressure cooker and have melted the safety plug will this fit ? 
will this fit 2l nakshatra plus pressure cooker ? 
does it fit for 3l prestige pressure cooker ? 
will this valve can be used for pigeon cooker as well . 
does it fit an aluminium 5 l pressure pan ? 
does the pack contain only 1 safety valve or more ? 
which pressure cooker safety valve will fit myhawkins 1.5 liter cooker ? 
will it fit hawkins contura 3.5l hard anodized cooker ? 
how do i find the tool to change this valve ? 
right now i dont have anything else toorder so can i order only the valve 
do i need tools to fit the safety value ? 
how many pounds of pressure does it allow ? 
is this one will work for 2.5l hawkins pressure cooker 
does the pack contain only 1 safety valve or more ? 
can you store the pans by stacking inside one another or do you need to keep them hanging to not to scratch the surface ? 
do any of the lids that come with this set also fit the 10 '' and 12 '' skillets ? 
does the premier professional go in the oven up to 400 degrees like the symmetry set does ? 
does this use teflon coating or other dangerous coating similar to teflon 
what fabric are the sheets 
will the sheets fit a pillow top full matress ? 
can this fit a queen bed ? 
would this fit a queen size bed ? 
are all the items in this bedding set 100 % cotton ? 
can we confirm this is a commerical grade and allowed in manufacturing buildings for osha use not household use stamped on the bottom ? 
does this use the regular k-cups from keurig 
can you use distilled water and not do the dirtecb hook up , which means you do not have to buy and change out filters ? 
is there a stainless steel reusable cup that i can use with this brewer ? 
what size water filter does it need ? 
does the plug have 3 prongs ? 
what type of reusable cup can i purchase for use with this machine . 
can i brew my own ground coffee 
is it machine washable 
size 
is it padded ? 
does it have any chemical smell ? 
is this blanket heavy enough to not get blown around by the wind ? 
is this blanket waterproof ? 
is this blanket machine washable ? 
camp 
what are the dimensions when folded ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how many hooks does this have ? 
can you adjust the height ? 
are you able to see out of the top of shower curtain 
is this curtain wide enough for curved shower curtain rods ? 
does this shower curtain come with the liner , or do i have to order the liner separately ? 
is it washable ? 
are there any fabric snap in liners for these curtains ? 
how wide is this one ? 
confirming this item is 74 '' long ? 
does the fitted bottom sheet have deep corners ? 
does this really come with the comforter or is it just the sheets ? 
what is the weight of each bag ? 
what is the 4th piece ? 
what makes this a 4 piece luggage set when there are only 3 pieces included ( 21 ' , 27 ' & amp ; duffel ) ? 
does the 21 '' expandable aisle-glide carry-on have spinner wheels ? 
would this fit a ac5000 ? 
how many filters do you get ? 
does the price include one or two filters as shown in the picture ? 
how long do the filters last 
what size is it ? 
what are the dimensions 
the sections for the sweetener packets ... would tea bags fit sideways ? 
does this hold the 16 oz chinet comfort cup ? 
what size napkins are shown in the caddy ? 
what are the dimensions of just the drawers ? 
what size cups fit ? 
does it fit the costco 120z coffee cups and lids 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
can this be used in a regular oven under the broiler ? 
can the pan be used in a conventional oven ? 
what kind of non-stick coating was used ? 
what are the dimensions of the pan ? 
where is it manufactured ? 
what is the weight capacity of this scale ? 
does this scale display the weight as well as the other functionality ? 
what is the maximum weight this scale is rated for ? 
after using these for a few weeks and a few washes , do they still fit tight and feel the same ? 
how deep a mattress do these sheets fit ? 
what does sheet set includes : fla , t fitted and 2 pillowcases 
can you remove the clear plastic part on the bottom ( where water is pulled in ) to clean if the plastic part gets clogged or accumulates pet hair ? 
can the brushes be shut off 
can it be used without using chemicals 
have you any idea whether this machine work in a place where the power is 50 cycles per second , instead of 60 ? 
when do we use the wash cycle - while we are cleaning or after rug is completely done ? 
does the fh50150 have any type of low water indicator on it ? 
can you leave the cleaning solution in it and just empty the dirty water out , if you 're using it several times per week for small spot cleanings ? 
can this be used on bur bur carpet 
what is the max weight capacity ? 
is there anyway to make this scale waterproof ? 
it can use for 110v ? 
can you turn off disable the auto off feature ? 
when will the new stainless steel model be available ? 
i want to make sure these really are 24.5 x 5 x 16.5 inches - or are they smaller ? 
is there a zipper with a pillow inside of a pillowcase ? 
does this pillow come in size 18x13 ? 
how much is a 13 x 9 pillow ? 
how big tall is it ? 
is it battery operated ? 
length and bredth 
what is the country of orgin ? 
i want to know their sizes ? 
sizes are they all four different sizes ? 
do they have freshness seals ? 
where are these canisters made ? 
is the design on the back as well ? 
what is the size . 
what are the dimensions of this container ? 
what are the dimensions of this product ? 
measurment please 
do they have a cap on them ? 
are these bottles microwave safe ? 
how tall are these bottles , and do they leak around the cap ? 
the pictures show caps ... i am not seeing where in the description it says no caps . 
do they give off any kind of plastic smell ? 
are these bottles bpa free ? 
is this 6 squeeze bottles ? 
are these usa made ? 
is the tapered delivery end pre-cut or is it designed to be cut to produce a desired orifice 
if i buy five of these kits can i combine them to make a 5 gal kit ? 
does this include everything needed ? 
can it make beer 
is this a good product for confetti poppers ? 
how come the lid in the picture looks different than the lid on the pictures posted by one of the customer ? 
can these hold liquid ( like jello ) or do they have holes at the bottom ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
what did you use them for ? 
are they messy ? 
does this recline both forward and from side to side if needed ? 
what is the warranty ? 
how long is the cord ? 
does this come with a remote ? 
how would you describe the color ? 
how many watts ( electricity ) does this fan use ? 
how hard is it to take the front of the cage off to clean the blades ? 
can you clean it in the dishwasher ? 
is this sink strainer have a stopper with it 
can you clean it in the dishwasher ? 
will it blend ice cubes ? 
does it blend frozen fruit , kale , some ice for a smoothie ? 
which is the newest model , the cuisinart csb-75 smart stick 2-speed 200-watt immersion hand blender or the cuisinart csb-76 smart stick 2-speed 200-wa 
csb-75- i do not see the warranty listed in the ad- how long is the warranty ? , the csb-76 says 3 years i can not find any listed on this page 
i read that some people could not write on the cheese markers with the chalk , did anyone else have this problem , and what did you do about this ? 
i would like to know if the cheese leaves a grease stain on the slate ? 
can you write directly on the slate and not use the cheese markers ? 
how much weight can it hold ? 
what is the height of each shelf ? 
what facility is there to mount to wall for toddler safety ? 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
are there ties or clips at the inside corners to attach to a comforter ? 
is the fabric thin and see through ? 
thread count 
is the white really white or is it an off-white ? 
what are the dimensions of this organizer ? 
what are the dimensions the drawers ? 
would i be able to store items that are heavier than clothing on it ? 
is this sturdy ? 
dimensions 
are extra drawers available for purchase if you want to have four drawers instead of two in this unit ? 
about how large was the package ? 
whats the difference between omega j8004x and j8005x ? which model is the latest ? 
does it come with all of the nozzles , or do i have to purchase those separately ? 
hi , can you make smoothies with this extractor ? 
hello , can you tell me if this item is compatible for france please ? 
is the plastic part of the juicer bpa-free 
does it go inside the shower ? 
is it slippery when wet wnat to use in shower 
will this work for showers with 4 inch tiles ? 
is this the largest size teak bath mat ? 
i noticed that the smaller teak mat has *5 year limited product warranty , 30 day satisfaction guarantee , does the same apply to this item ? 
what is it 's blade size ? 
can this be wall-mounted ? 
size of the fan ? 
size of it ? 
can you grind spices in this , particularly harder ones like cardamon ? 
is this made of glass ? 
how about for grinding flax seeds ? 
is the chalk board side magnetic ? 
how wide is the space ( the dowel ) that the paper roll goes on ? 
hi , it says that this ships to melbourne , australia but when i add to cart and proceed to checkout it says that it can not be shipped to me ? 
where is it made ? 
is the magic bullet and nutribullet about the same thing ? 
what is the difference between this and the 17-piece set ? 
does it leak 
what is the difference between the regular and express models ? 
can it be used to make baby food ? 
does magic bullet work in india if i buy from usa ? 
are the plastic attachments bpa free and can you get glass attachments ? 
is it good for grinding vegetables ? 
can the inside unit be mounted against the ceiling so i could run the lines up through the attic and down an outside wall ? 
does the unit come with a mounting bracket for the air handler ? 
size measurement of indoor air handler 
i thought this unit would be pre-charged and did n't need a vacuum pump ? 
can this unit be ran off dc power ? 
does this come with a precharged line set with quick connects , so no $ 450 service call by a refrigeration company is required to commission it ? 
what is the power consumption on this unit in watts and kva ? 
how do i get replacement chargers ? 
which size bottle does this set come with - 1l or 1.3 l ? 
how many bottles of soda can you make form one co2 cartridge and are they disposable or can you have them refilled ? 
does it have to be mounted to the wall ? 
is it 41 '' tall ? 
could the metal guard rails be mounted on the other side if the shelves ? 
are the glass hanging rails under the top included ? 
do the railing on the shelves have to be on the right side , or can they be on the left ? 
can the extra large be used on a smaller sized bowl ? 
what are the dimensions of the x-tra large lid ? 
can you use these lids in the oven ? 
will this x-large size cover a 12 inch skillet ? 
are they safe on the stovetop ? 
would this lid cover a twelve inch square pan ? 
can it be used as lid for a pot that is cooking on a gas burner ? 
how many inches is the extra large ? 
what is the actual size , i have one i love but am having trouble finding the large one for a gift 
measurements 
does this have an adjustable hinge for thicker cuts of meat ? 
can you cook 2 small steaks at the same time ? 
is it a grill that needs to be plugged in ? 
please what does it weigh ? 
how many watts it is 
are the grills detachable and able to put in dishwasher ? 
what is the required wattage for the unit 
ca n't find a replacement juice jug ! 
does it juice leafy greens 
can the lifesmart heater be thermostatically controlled ? 
what are the dimensions of the unit 
our basement bedroom is 28 ' x 14 ' x 8 ' & amp ; stays around 53 deg c , will this warm it to say 70 deg c ? 
can this unit be mounted inside an entertainment center cabinet ? 
can you change the bulbs ? 
is this product an ionizing or ionic air purifier ? 
does this come with an ionizer ? 
is it easy to change the filter ? 
does any of you wonderful folks have the correct filter numbers for this unit , i bought it from someone without any manual , thanks in advance ! 
will this unit come with filters , or do i need to purchase them separately ? 
how long do you keep the unit on and which setting ? 
can i also have assembly directions ? 
will these disks work in an old mirro cookie press ? 
will this work with a wilton cookie decorator kit ? 
does anyone know if these will fit the wilton cookie pro ultra ii cookie press ? 
will these fit the wilton comfort grip cookie press ? 
is this pan made or assembled in china ? 
do i need to season it ? 
can this pan be used on an induction stove ? 
how thick is the bottom ? 
does this fry pan have a fruit and floral decal on the side ? '' 
any pre-use instructions ? 
measurement of the bottom 
is the stove metal or plastic ? 
does it have a fan , and is it hot to touch ? 
does it have a remote control 
how much does it weigh ? 
what is lenth of one side of triangle ? 
i would like to know the height of this cabinet 
will wine bottles fit in it laying down ? 
what wood is the curio made from ? 
does it light up ? 
can this be used for media players , such as cable box , dvd players ? 
how many inches long are each the three sides ? 
what is this cabinet made out of ... wood or pressed wood ? 
so is it a top and bottom that is the two pans or do you get two sets to make a total of 40 pops 
does the pan come with instructions ? 
can you just use a box of cake mix , or is there a special recipe for these ? 
when you use silicone molds does they come out `` normal '' in a round shape or does they come out in two and then you have to stick them with chocolate ? 
what are the dimensions of the cake ball ? 
what do you mean by standard size ? 
how tall is it ? 
how wide is each of the panels ? 
how much space is there between the bottom of the panel and the floor ? 
what is the frame made of ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
can you flip the seat cushion , or is the pleather one-sided ? 
how high is the seat ? 
how durable are these chairs ? 
does it come in black 
when you assemble this chair is the only assembly putting the legs on ? 
what is your return policy ? 
do they have deep pockets ? 
do these sheets need to be ironed after washings ? 
can you use hot water and bleach when washing these sheets ? 
imported from where ? 
do they have deep pockets for thicker mattresses ? 
what kind of cotton is in these sheets ? 
can i use on electric stove top ? 
is the large big enough for a meal ... like when we go eat in a restaurant thx 
do you need a lid with these bowls ? 
has anyone cooked jjigae in these ? 
is the lid necessary for bibimbap ? 
how many pots for $ 29 ? 
my basement door is 24 inch wide , will it fit through the door ? 
how does the sofa feel when you set on on it , is firm and stiff or is it soft , how comfortable is it ? 
does this show the sagittarius constellation ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
where is the mug made ? 
how many ounces does this mug hold ? 
where is it made ? 
dishwasher safe or hand wash ? 
does this cookware work on induction glasstop ? 
are the bottoms flat ? 
is it pfoa free ? 
what is the total height of the entire piece ? 
what is the height of the individual shelves ? 
is the bookshelf made of real wood or particle board ? 
how much assembly ? 
i would like to use this bookcase as a room divider and would like to know if it 's finished on both sides or are there screws showing in the back . 
do you have to put water in the glass container before you put it in the freezer- or where is the `` gel '' ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
will it work for vodka , rum , etc ? 
how long does it take to chill the wine ? 
does it fit in all wine bottles ? 
how long does it take to chill the wine ? 
how long is the warranty and what does it cover ? 
what is the size of the comforter ? 
is this machine washable ? 
is it for a full size bed 
would it fit a queen bed ? 
what are the dimensions of this pillow ? 
how much is the shipping for 2 of these pillows ? it is not stated as the other items on amazon . 
is it possible to combine shipping fee ? 
what is the height of this table ? 
is the 50 '' the circumfrence or the diameter ? 
is this table a part of a set or just alone ? 
what are the dimensions ; height , depth , width ? 
is this assembled or do you have to put it together 
does this have a drain plug ? 
does the stand fold or is it easy to disassemble for storage ? 
is it water proof ? 
how tall is this and how big is the tub ? 
what are the dimentions ? 
dimensions ? 
are these quality pieces or do they feel flimsy ? 
what is the height between the floor and the bottom of the bottom shelf ? 
is the back finished so it can be used from both sides ? 
what is the ashley # on this console ? 
is the metal rail around the base a polished chrome color , or a brushed stainless ? 
what is the height of the entire chair from the floor to the top of the chair ? 
if i want to use a paper filter ( since we do n't grind coffee beans ) which ones would be recommended ? 
does the water coffee touch any plastic at all ? 
how long is the cord ? 
how much cost will it had to my electric bill each month ? 
what are the size of these ? 
what is the btu on this model ? 
will these heater work on a standard home wall socket ? 
what is the footage the heaters put out ? ... .size of rooms ? 
how loud is it ? 
can you use this instead of a lid to simmer on the stove top ? 
are these oven safe ? 
can they be used in the oven if so to what temperature ? 
what is the highest oven temperature the lids can withstand ? 
when not folded up , and when positioned like in the picture does it stay in that position ? 
is the color a lighter tan , closer to ivory or off-white , or a darker tan , closer to khaki ? 
does this futon have an inner cover as well as an outer zippered cover ? 
did this have a bad odor ? 
does the foam mattress have a bad smell ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
is it just foam or does it come with a cover ? 
is the cover removable 
is dusting brush and upholstery attachment in single piece 
does it use a replaceable belt ? 
does the brush rotate automatically or does it rely on suction to rotate ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
does it use bags ? 
do the coils all bunch up ? 
does it have auto off ? 
where is the pillow made from ? 
does this case have a zipper ? 
can the outdoor unit be mounted on the wall instead of on the ground ? 
is this more efficient than two separate units would be on energy consumption ? 
what kind of power requirements does the unit have ? 
does this run on 110 v or do you need more amps ? 
where can i find the installation manual online for the 9000 wyd009al3zar-l ? 
do the indoor units have to be mounted on an exterior wall ? 
how tall is the seat 
do they swivel ? 
does the lid actually say canon , and not some variant like canium ? 
does the mug look as good as the pictures shown on the page ? 
will this fit model oster model # bccg08 thanks 
does it fit oater 6026 ? 
the blades wo n't rotate on my model 6859 when the unit is screwed together securely ; they work when only when parts are ( very ) loosely assembled . 
have you ever a threaded jar nut just break on you 
will it fit the oster model 6878 ? 
need replacementbottom cap for model # 6859 
is it supposed to turn on every time you shut it or does it have set times ? 
can i use it to sanitize my oral b brush head ? 
the power supply could be 220 volt in china ? 
is the portable one 's uv light weaker than the family size one 
what is the recommended size of trash bag should be used on this wastebasket ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
does it come in a bigger size 
is this made of plastic ? 
can you use the 3 mil poly nylon vacuum bags with this or do you have to use the ziploc brand ? 
what are the dimensions of the sealer unit ? 
can you advise the voltage setting of the vacuum sealer ? 
what voltage is used by this device is only 110 or 110 220 ? 
can you use this machine the vacuum seal bags that ziploc sells ? 
is it made in china ? 
how this iron compare to the rowenta 1800w dw9080 ? 
does this iron burn out if you over fill it ? 
can you tell me how long the cord is ? 
is this model made in germany ? 
how long is the cord on this model ? 
does this model need a filter like the 100 ? 
has anyone tried to use this as a distiller ? 
how tall high is it ? 
has anyone experience the pot turning turning into black patches all over inside when boiling water on it ? 
will this pot work with a induction stovetop ? 
does this pot have any exposed rivets or screw heads ( where two handles are attached ) on the inside of the pot ? 
maybe i missed it , but how many ounces ? 
does anyone know how wide ( circumference ) they are ? 
where are the bottles made ? 
is there any table stand for these bottles ? 
how high it is ? 
where are they made ? 
can you wash them in the dishwasher ? 
do you have to hold the spigot open while pouring ? 
can i use them to make pot pies 
what size are they 
what is the diameter ? 
will these foil cups make standard size cupcakes or mini cupcakes ? 
would these work for flan as a dessert after a heavy meal such as corned beef and cabbage ? 
how tall is the mug ? 
is this mug microwavable ? 
is the mug dishwasher safe . 
can this be used in a conventional oven for heating liquids in a home setting ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
what is is the seat diameter on the big one ? 
is there some sort of lip on the bottom of the lid to keep it from slipping off the base ? 
how tall is unit 
are all 5 shelves adjustable ? 
is this the same billy book shelf that is sold for less than $ 60 at the ikea retail store ? 
are the sides waterproof ? 
does the elastic go around the entire circumference of the pad ? 
so does this have a bed skirt too ? 
does this cover have a terry top ? 
how long is the cord ? 
does the cord stow away or retract in any way ? 
are the sides black or brushed stainless ? 
where is this toaster manufactured ? 
how many watts ? 
`` flared u '' shape pastry hook is broken , what can i do ? 
when tilting the mixer 's head back how many inches are from counter to highest spot 
how loud is this mixer ? 
will the kitchen aid atachments fit this mixer 
do the beaters spin instead of the bowl ? . 
are there any acceries available such as a meat grinder and others ? 
what aqre th e height length and width dimensions 
is this made in china 
it 's 120v ? 
is this toaster cool on the outside ? 
does it toast evenly ? 
where is this made ? 
what are the exact measurements ? 
do any of the selection lights stay on when just being plugged in , using power ? 
is this a 220 volt toaster 
does it toast english muffins ? 
can this large ceramic pot hold 2 liter water while making soup ? 
how is the steamer working ? 
can you preset the time to cook ? 
transparent top cover is ceramic too ? 
when using the big pot , is necessary to put the plastic tray on the bottom ? 
is this ceramic pot white color ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is the underneath cushion soft and does it mold to your legs ? 
how many rolls of toilet paper would fit behind the cabinet door ? 
what is the depth of this cabinet ? 
what are the measurements height & amp ; width ? 
is this dark brown or is it more like black ? 
what are the dimensions inside the door ? 
does this unit come with the decorative shelf on the bottom ? 
what are the dimensions ( height and depth ) of the bottom , faux-granite shelf ? 
does this come with the curtain set ? 
what is the weight limit ? 
what size twin matress does this bed take ? 
how long is the slide ? 
can the slide be removed and the bed still used ? 
can i fit a twin matress in the bottom part 
can you close the lid with the spoons inside ? 
i 'm clumsy - if iit gets tipped , will all of the spices mix together ? 
is the see-through insert in the lid glass or plastic ? 
what are dimensions ? 
can the plastic cover be taken out from the stainless cover lid to be washed separately ? 
how much does each spoon hold ? 
can this be used as a sleeping bag in a tent on campouts ? 
does anyone know the density of this foam topper ? 
what are the dimensions of the twin size aka width and length ? 
do you sweat on this ? 
i have the prime plan at amazon , but why is this item not included in the free shipping ? 
does this come with a cover ? 
how do you was it ? 
what are the dimensions of the twin size aka width and length ? 
- what are the dimensions of this item ? 
what is the exact length and width of the twin matress topper ? 
do the drawers hold legal size papers hanging files ? 
i can not get a close up- is the finish solid , or is it fake wood-grain slightly textured ? 
what is the true color ? in the picture , it appears to be a brownish black , not solid black 
i take it that the large compartment on the right is for your pc tower right ? 
is the desk solid wood or particle board ? 
can this fit my 760t and my 2 27inch monitors and other accessories like spakers 
does the molly dusty pink set come in full size ? 
is it pieced or is the material printed then quilted all over 
is this quilt 100 % cotton ? 
what are the measurements ? 
does this craft desk require assembly ? 
anyone know the dimensions of the box that the item comes packaged in ? 
can i put a flat screen tv on top of it ? 
hi what is the shipping dimision and does is have the description of the content on the shipping boxes ? 
can man size 10 shoes fit in this cabinet without having to put them in sideways ? 
can you safely stack this unit 2 high ? 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
i need the manufactor 's information for this product please 
has anyone else had issues getting the wahoo scale to connect with myfitnesspal ? 
does it work with fitbit 
will this sync with android phone ? 
is there a recommended gauge wire ? 
would this allow for the use of a standard power cable instead of soldered connection inside the cabinet ? 
are there solder connections on the back side of this unit ? 
where can i find the hole mounting informartion 
are there directions available anywhere on how to wire a female end of an iec cable to the non-visible end ? 
does it have lead in it ? 
what is the interior enamel or stainless ? 
will it work on an induction cook top ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
came with no instructions.. can anybody post a picture of the manual ? 
is it strong enough to hold a desktop 
could you give me the size please 
how many monitors can it support ? 
can the two sides be easily separated if i need to move it up stairs ? 
what is the machine weight_ ? 
is this product have commercial rating ? 
what is the machine volt ? 
can a 2 '' square ice cube fit in the slot ? 
can you shave the ice ahead of time and put it in an ice chest or will it melt and stick together , 
how many cupfuls can fit in the bowl 
has anyone owned this long enough to determine how it withstands high humidity and does it remain rust free ? 
i would like to purchase the over the toilet space saver as well as the shelf to the left ( not the corner shelf ) do you also have this one for sale ? 
is this mattress too thick to fold and use on a futon in the upright sitting position ? 
will a cover fit on it ? 
does it stil work well set up in the couch position ? 
what is the warenty on this mattress ? 
will they fit majic bullet modle # mb1001 
does the blades come with the black base and the bottom rubber grip ? 
will i receive just the blades and the entire black base which enables it to rotate ? 
is it the complete assembly ? 
will these replacement blades fit the bella cucina rocket blender ? 
will this fit nutrisystem nutriblender ? 
what are the dimensions for calif king ? 
can people share their experiences after using it for , say , a year ? does it retain the initial thickness and comfort . 
is it hot ? 
what are the measurements of the mattress ? 
camping 
what are the dimensions for the king size ? 
is there a cover 
visco 
if i buy simple cup filters , do i need to buy anything else such as plastic caps , or cups ? 
does it work with solofill ? 
how many ounces do the filters hold ? 
does the b31 brewer have a water filter in it ? 
if i buy simple cup filters , do i need to buy anything else such as plastic caps , or cups ? 
where is this product made ? 
these filters can be used with your reusable k-cup ( simple cups has one ) , or in their disposable , or to reuse your used k-cups with additional lids 
can i use this with my reusable keurig filter ? 
what is the size of the cookwell ? 
is the tempeture dial accurate 
can i use a pan liner to help with clean up ? 
what is the largest size turkey that can be cooked in this cooker 
is this nsf approved ? 
can you do coffee beans in this ? 
cleaning 
does the handle get hot after several waffles are made ? 
i am looking for a chemical free teflon free waffle maker..is this just cast iron plates ? 
does this waffle iron have floating hinges ? 
in what country is this made ? 
what is the difference between using this machine and using a blendtec or vitamix to make almond milk ? 
can you make almond milk in this too ? 
can you make coconut milk with this product ? 
will i save money by making my own soy milk , almond milk , and or rice milk with the soyajoy g4 versus buying ready-made soy almond rice milk ? 
is it worth purchasing if just want to make almond milk ? 
where is this made from ? 
is the visible part of the humidifier actually made out of wood , or is it a plastic that has been formed and painted to look like wood ? 
what filter does this take ? 
how noisy is this compared to a small a c unit 
can they be soup bowls also ? 
are they microwavable ? 
do you have a replacement carafe for this model ? 
does this have an 2 hour shut off ? 
how long does this cofee maker take to brew a full pot ? 
how do you use auto clean 
is the digital time suppose to light up i have a black and decker 12 cup coffeemaker 
is this a standard coffee filter or a cone 
do you have it available in black with the wires ? 
is the table removable ? 
would this work on a chair with 6 inch wide wooden arm rests ? 
how long does the pocket hang down toward the seat 
can you attach a mason jar to this ? 
can you make ice cream with it ? 
what is the size of blstcc-rfp16 
does this come with 2 stools in the package ? 
how much darker is the actual color of seat 
how many inches form the floor to the seat position ? 
what tools are needed to put this together ? 
can any one tell me how much this stool weighs approximately ? 
what materials are the seats made from ? 
what color is the metal frame ? 
can this be shipped to m & eacute ; xico ? 
is this comparable to sweetex ? 
is this comparable to sweeten ? 
is this product gluten free ? 
what are the ingredients of this shortening , please - specifically , does it contain soy ? 
what are your shipping methods ? 
the hoot shows narrow-mouth jars , yet the description is `` wide mouth '' ; is this just a `` stock '' photo ? 
can i use a can sealer with this jar ? 
are lids bpa free ? 
can i re-use the lids if the jars are used for general storage of goods and foodi and seal with a vacuum machine ? 
are these usa products ? 
is it freezer safe ? 
what are the dimensions of one of these jars ? 
is the 'express ' the same as the regular smart living steam mop ? 
my smart living not working 
where do i find replacement pads 
can i get replacement smart living pads model number 7603 ? 
do you sell the replacement pads for the original smart living steam mop ? 
will you take $ 100 for it ? 
can you use on hardwood ? 
does the steel blade come off for cleaning ? 
can anyon esend a copy of the manual please so i can clean it properly thanks 
i recent got a juicer and it came with an extra plastic part that is not listed i. the operations manual ? 
does this juicer puree all fruits and vegetables 
is this juice extractor easy to clean ? 
does it fit replaces model blc10650hb ( part # blc12650-05 ) ? 
does it fit model bl2010bp ? 
does this fit blc 10650mb 
does this fit bl1900 ? 
does it fit model bl2500s ? 
do it have the plastic piece at the bottom ? 
does this part have the black plastic piece coming with it 
does it fit model bl5001 ? 
does it fit 12600b model 
does this fit a bl 2900 blender ? 
does the metal run through the entire plastic handle ? 
are they diswasher safe ? 
where is this made ? 
can you tell me how many inches of clearance from the floor to the bottom of the bed ? 
what size mattress is needed for this bed ? 
does it have a spring base for the mattress or metal slats ? 
what is the distance from the floor to the mattress support frame ? 
does the trundle pop up ? 
does the mattress come with the frame ? 
does this day bed come with the mattress ? 
does it have a strong smell ? 
what chemicals were used on this to make it flame retardant ? 
length and width of serving tray 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are measurements on this product ? 
can it fit in a small car like a nissan 
are these stackable ? 
is it good for outdoor use such as camping ? 
does the design keep rain out ? 
is it possible to use an ac plug in ? 
is there an over ride on the automatic turn-off ? 
is this damascus stamped ? 
does the ramblewood 's handle have a ridge down the side like shun , or is it rounded ? 
is ramblewood made in america ? 
what 's the country of origin ? 
what is voltage range please ? 
does this have an auto function so that it will turn off on as needed to maintain the temperature you set ? 
how well does the cooling system work ? 
are the dyson cool heaters bird safe ? 
what is the dimension of the shipping package as i have been calculating fee for my shipping to hk using another carrier . 
is it quiet enough to use in an office and hold conference calls without it being heard ? 
how many hangers are included in the $ 3.75 price ? 
what is the width of the hanger ? 
3 hangers for $ 12 expensive but this is the size i need is there anything that is this size that i can get more for my buck 
how many hangers are there for $ 0.75 ? 
how many come in this set ? 
are these dishes chip resident ? 
how large are the dinner plates ? 
what country are these dishes made in ? 
is the bedskirt split on the corners ? 
are 1 comforter , 2 shams , 1 bed skirt , 2 euro shams , and 2 dec pillows just the sheets or it includes the pillows too ? 
is th eother color black or brown ? 
please , what is the difference ( besides the price ) between the low-profile plush and the high-profile plush versions of this pillow ? 
what are the measurements of this zoned memory foam pillow 
i 've been airing it out for 72 hours and cant get rid of the smell , any suggestions ? 
how often do you replace the filter ? 
what difference does the 5-stage versions make over 3-stage versions ? 
what is the height of the chef pan vs. the dome lid ? 
hello , what 's the measurement for the bottom ? 
what is the bottom diameter ? 
is it comtemporary style furniture or traditonal style ? 
can the pillows be purchased as well ? 
what type of warranty does this have ? 
can i buy two love seats instead of a couch ? 
are the cushions leather as well ? 
are the cushions attached or are they removable ? 
weight limit ? 
i have assembled the winsome obsidian high square table but it wobbles still the pole does not seem to go into the round base deep enough ? 
does the table height work well with 24 inch bar stools for a person who is average height or shorter ? 
would it work as a patio table 
what is the base measurement ? 
does the humidifier have to be higher than the hose drain ? 
what is the warranty on this product ? 
can anyone tell me the actual capacity of the bucket ? 
does model adr70a2g dehumidifier run in low temperatures as low as 41 degrees ? 
does it have separate water container ? 
does this set come boxed for gift giving ? 
can they get rusty ? 
what is the width of the block set ? 
are the handles wood ? 
are the handles on these solid ? 
are the knives high-carbon stainless steel ? 
what is the dimensions of this table ? 
can adjust the height ? 
what is the highest height adjustment possible ? 
can the angle of the table top be adjusted like at an angle for reading ? 
what is the height of this table ? 
does this qualify for prime shipping ? 
what 's the difference between this one and zojirushi sm-khe48nl ? 
can you put it in the dish washer ? 
it 's made in japan ? 
does non stick coated interior mean it is n't made of stainless steel inside ? 
what kind of plastic is the soap pump made out of ? 
is the body glass ? 
what is the material used to make this ? 
what are the dimensions of the storage compartments ? 
does the seat swivel ? 
is the color of the metal black or dark bronze ? 
seat height of bar stool 
what is the seat height ? 
is it full twin or what ? 
is thi product bpa free ? 
what number plastic are these ( should be a number in a triangle symbol on the bottom ) ? 
what are the dimensions of the chair ? 
are these doors `` finished '' or do they need stained ? 
for the 36 `` wide bi-fold door , how wide should the finished width of the opening be ? 
do these doors come in 96 in height ? 
can i get these doors as individual slabs without the hinges or hinge mortises cut in ? 
is the price for 1 or 2 bifold doors ? 
what attachments does this come with ? 
does this vacuum cleaner in the actual use of the process how ? used to clean laminate flooring , i do not know can achieve the desired effect ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
where do the tools go ? 
is this self propelled ? 
how good is it when it comes to pet hair ? 
i need 220 w. did he goes ? 
belt for bissell 52c2 
where can i buy the matching pillows 
what color are the chairs legs ? 
is this chair very comfortable ? 
are the arc bowls oven safe ? 
i have 5 1 2 ' 
can i bake with these bowls in an oven ? 
how much weight can it hold ? 
i bought 3 chairs , but i am very disappointed , that they do n't have pump like air bed ( recommend me , please , some suitable pump to inflate this chairs 
what are the dimentions of each of the middle shelves ? 
would a 55 '' flatscreen tv fit on this tv stand 
how tall and wide are the side spaces ? 
is the wood black or brown ? 
is it flat packed or does it come built ? 
what is the measurement between lower shelf and upper beam in both side compartments ? 
can you fit a computer tower in the media area ? 
is this made of real wood ? 
does this actually give you the requisite 8-10 bars of pressure to get a proper extraction ? 
is the cup that holds the coffee grounds made of aluminum or stainless ? 
do the plastic parts in fact contain bpa as claimed in some of the reviews ? 
will these bags work with the foodsaver ? 
do the bags work with the hand pump or not ? 
is this a package with 13 boxes of 13 bags each ? 
do you need to grease these pans or are they non stick 
what is an idly and do you have a recipe for it ? 
can i use it on induction stove top ? 
how do you take the idli plates out of the stand ? 
what is the diameter of the plate ? 
what is the noise level for various levels of operation in db ? 
how noisy is it 
is it quiet 
how much electricity does it use ? 
is the bucket open on top or is it partially covered to help stop spilling 
can we use general garden hose attached to it for drainage 
how many cubic feet per minute of air does it move , at various operating levels ? 
warranty ? 
when this appliance came first shippped ... did the plug have a plastic cover on it and also was the cord tightly wrapped with a twist tie ? 
can you use cupcake paper liners ? 
will it make cornbread muffins ? 
what size cupcake that machine do ? 
does the machine have a strong chemical smell because of the nonstick coating when you first use it ? 
could i make brownies with it ? 
is the item durable 
how well does this item wash ? 
is this a bright hot pink ? 
which is the voltage of this cupcake maker ? 
`` are the cupcakes mini or full size ? '' 
can you use cupcake liners ? 
would you by it for a 5 year old 
is there a problem with the cupcake bottoms getting too brown and the tops not browning ? 
would this bake evenly for grain-free cupcakes ? 
is this recommended for a five year old 
does it work with box mixes or only with homemade recipes ? 
where can i get an inexpensive frame for this ? 
does this require a micor fiber pad for the mopping 
dose this machine have wheels or is it push and pull 
does this have pads for polishing floors ? 
can it be used on very short carpet like on mats 
would recommend for 2,500 square feet of tile , along with 2 large dogs ? 
can you use it on a bamboo floor ? 
does it vacuum up the water after mopping ? 
dose it accept 220 voltage ? 
can you use bleach in the bissell ? 
does this product fit cham bord 4 cup press 
does this carafe fit bodum new kenya 17 ounce coffee press ? 
what is the diameter and depth of this product 
can bodum spare glass carafe be used in microwave ? 
does this fit the eileen bodum french press ? 
does this fit the bodum electric french press ? 
what are the measurements on this ? 
will this fit bodum new kenya 17-ounce coffee press ? 
in the photo the fabric is very reflective , do the sheets have a cotton 'like ' sheen similar to the picture ? 
the egyptian consulate never heard of 'egyptian microfiber ' , is it like a cotton plant ? 
if i do n't like the quality , can i return them ? 
are the back cushions fixed attached or loose ? 
does the sofa include the ottoman ? 
does it have to be assembled 
does the end of the chaise bounce up when you sit down ? 
can you tell me who si the mesure of thais sofa 
i would like to know the overall length of the sofa from arm to arm as well as the length of the chaise . 
can you get it with the chaise on the right side looking at the sofa ? 
does it fit the brazil 12 ounce ? 
does this fit the 12 oz bodum kenya ? 
does this replace the carafe for the bodum chambord 12 oz , 3 cup ? 
does it fit the eileen , 12oz holder ? 
it 's very confusing reading the description - it 's described in the header as a 3-cup capacity , but lower down in the features list it says 1.5 cup ! 
what are the dimensions of the pan it se 
could you cook a few ears of corn-on-the cob with this pan ? 
is it made to be used on a traditional ceramic cooktop with 4 separate burners ? 
can you use egg beaters in it instead of real eggs ? 
my frying pan has a ton of coating flaking off- where can i get a replacement pan ? 
need to know the warranty period ... ? 
does the draw open ? 
what are the measurements ? 
is it matt white or grossy white ? 
is there a zippered pocket to fit a mac pro computer 
is the bag tea approved ? 
how much weight can this bag handle ? 
is this bag big enough for a beach bag ? 
does this bag have a longer shoulder strap than the one shown ? 
did you have any trouble with color bleeding from the material ? 
does this hold a giant roll ? 
how many screws does it take to mount this on the wall ? 
can this stand alone horizontally on a counter ? 
what is the length and width ? 
is the bar spring loaded ? 
how is it mounted ? 
does it allow to rip off a sheet with one hand ? 
will this hold an extra large roll ? 
can this be mounted vertically ? 
are these strong and durable enough to hang multiple heavy pots pans off of ? 
would this work to hang mugs on ? 
will this rust ? 
what screws that match the metal are used to hang these ? 
are these strong enough to hold wet bath towels ? 
can the round mounting base be rotated so that the mounting holes are horizontal ? 
what is the diameter of the round mounting base ? 
what is the diameter of the rail itself ? 
does this food scale need to be calibrated ? 
what kind of battery using ? 
is it made in china ? 
does this scale remember the last weight after it shuts off automatically ? 
how much does the scale hold ? 
how many watts does the motor have ? 
does it come with a bowl cover ? 
i want to mix cookie dough and cake batter using the 7 liter bowl , do i have to switch to the smaller bowl to use the `` double beater with a 3.5 l bowl '' ? 
what 's the smallest batch of bread that i can make ? 
where could i buy for a 220 240v model 
is it 110 or 220 
where is this product made ? 
what size is this ? 
are these pillows the yellow , white , green or blue size as advertised on the mypillow web site 
how do you wash or clean the my pillow ? 
is this the `` white '' firmness ? 
what is the difference between the classic and the premium king size my pillow ? 
is this a medium-firm ? 
is it for those who sleep on their stomach 
what are the measurements ? 
is this desk open on both sides ? 
how do the legs attach to the table ? 
is this desk difficult to install ? 
do the fingers break ? 
how thick is this mat ? 
are the `` fingers '' cone shaped or are they rounded ? 
dishwasher safe top rack ? 
will this be good for drying dishes , glasses after washed ? 
can you ajust thr scales to weight right 
what is the weight capacity ? 
is it okay to use with a pacemaker ? 
does it weigh in both pounds and kilos ? 
can you adjust volumn 
what is the dimension of the platform where you stand ? 
can you turn off the talking feature ? 
what is the temperature range of the thermometer 
can you use to monitor the weber grill temp ? 
will this work as a candy thermometer ? 
can i keep the thermometer in the meat while i am grilling it ? 
will this work for a cheesecake ? 
what is the diameter of the probe ? 
does it work well on checking the temperatures of bread ? 
how deep do you push in the probe 
is this humidifier quiet ? 
do you ship to maldives and how much does it coast to shipping ? 
so is this machine any good 
i have one of these grinders and the switch broke off pretty easily - do you sell replacement switches ? 
what kind of grease 
need 110 volts outlet or 220 v ? 
has anyone tried this on a kayser whip cream siphon ? 
does this work with co2 siphon , too 
bpa 
how many times have you poured your cereal from this thing only to have the awesome experience of the top coming off , cascading cereal bits all over ? 
is it airtight so cupboard moths ca n't get inside ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
can any of the owners of this holder tell me how big the circles are that hold the pods ? 
does this come with the pods 
will this fit all single serve coffee cups or just starbuks ? 
can you use these k cups in the verismo as well as the keurig . 
are these pillows considered soft , medium or firm ? 
country of origin ? 
do these pillows have feathers that poke through the cover and become annoying ? 
can we get standard size pillows 
when will you have these back in stock in queen size ? 
did these pillows come with removable covers that can be washed ? 
is this just the center insert or the whole 2 piece lid ? 
do they fit wide mouth jars ? 
is this a good choice to store homemade bread ? 
where is this box made ? 
is it airtight ? 
what are the measurements of the breadbox ? 
will this hold a 2.5 loaf of bread they are tall loafs my loaf size is 8x12 
what are the measurements of the box ? 
can you buy replacement brushes and beater bars for it ? 
does this kit come with a new brush motor ? 
does this come with the brushes ? 
does this brush assembly include the gearbox on the side ? 
will this fit my 585 with a gray cleaning module ? 
does it come with new screws , or do you use old ones ? 
does this add any value over the default that comes in the roomba 770 ? 
does this work on the 552 pet series 
how many watts or what is the temperature of the coffee when it first dipenses ? 
how much water does the removable water tank hold ? 
can this brew into any cup or do you have to use the travel cup ? 
can you use this kitchenaid personal brewer for tea and or hot chocalate ? 
does it have auto shut off ? 
how do you use the excess cord storage as mentioned to the handbook 
is the coffee thermal carafe made out of stainless steel on the interiior ? 
can i brew one cup right after another , or does it have to cool down a bit first ? 
how is the taste of the coffee ? 
why does this piece of crap just stop working after 2 months ? 
what 's the maximum weight it can hold ? 
hi , i 'm looking for something to hang up a hammock chair but i 'm on a budget ... do you think they might work for something like that ? 
does the hook allow swiveling ? 
how much weight in lbs does this hold 
are we able to detach the curtains and put up our own color ? 
can we buy additional wire basket shelves ? 
will this fit an 8ft tall ceiling ? 
is low profile good for stomach sleeper 
how many inches is high profile verses low profile ? 
how many inches high is the high profile vs. low profile ? 
does this machine also do cold coffee ? 
is this brewer dual voltage , 110 , or 220 ? 
what does the led interface do ? 
if the water tank runs out while in the middle of brewing , how do you restart continue the brewing after re-filling the water ? 
what is the length of this butter dish 
what is the exact size 
does the lid snap on to the base ? 
is this product made in the u.s. ? 
does it have a filter 
what filter does a hm3656-u have ? 
is the inside of the kettle also stainless steel ? 
how long is the cord ? 
hi is this tea kettle bpa free ? 
is this kettle bpa-free ? 
do the base and the bottom of the kettle stay cool , just heating the water from inside ? 
is the plastic bpa free ? 
does it have a removable spout filter ? 
what is the capacity 
110 or 220 
how do the drains work on this if you are frying potatoes with the skins on ? 
what is 20l electric 
is it 3000w each pan or 2x 1500w 
who makes this brand ? 
i have lost my instructions and screen ... what should i do ? 
how big is the basket ? 
does it come with a bella coffee mug 
can a filter be placed in this machine ? 
can you also use k cups with this machine ? 
does it have an auto turn off built in ? 
can i use this to make hot cocoa ? 
where to buy a replacement filter ? 
how hot is the coffee ? 
how many scoops , or tablespoons , does the basket hold ? 
is it a locking close lid for a tight seal ? 
is the sign on the front printed on the plastic or is it on paper that is then glued to the bucket ? 
how often does the carbon filter need to be changed ? 
made in the usa ? 
are the bags necessary to use , or can you use without ? 
any fruit flies ? 
where can i get a lid for the lodge 15 '' seasoned steel skillet ( not the cast iron skillet ) . 
how deep is it ? 
are these carbon steel pans okay to use on the glass top ranges ? 
what is the weight of this skillet 
how thick the skillet is ? 
how does this do on a stovetop , on one burner ? 
will item number asahh41 silicone assist handles work on this skillet 
anyone who 've had this for awhile , does it leak ? 
can you use hand sanitizer in this dispenser ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is this ada compliant ? 
interior pot is made of tafflon coated aluminum pot ? 
what is the interior pot made of ? 
the capacity is 23 cups of 6oz of rice each ? 
did yours come with assembly instructions ? 
what tools attachments actually come with this listing ? 
hello , will it work with 220v ? 
is this wrinkle free when washed ? 
is this cotton cover pre shrunk , or will it shrink in the dryer ? 
are there buttons to keep the duvet in place within the cover ? 
what color is it really ? 
are there sheets to match this ? 
is it possible to use this pot with an induction burner ? 
how many gallons of water need to be in the pot in order for the thermometer to be submerged offer a good reading ? 
what color is the back ? 
what are the dimensions of this quilt 
what are the dimensions of the quilt ? 
is the whole quilt 100 % cotton ? 
is it 100 % cotton ? 
how come your 20 oz mugs have different size dimentions ? 
i 'm trying to figure out if this will fit well on the mr. coffee electric cup warmer - what is the diameter of the cup 's base ? 
will these hangers keep banquet tablecloths wrinkle free ? 
will hook go on a wooden size closet rod ? 
how wide is the hanging part only of this hanger ? 
does it clean edges ? 
does it have adjustable suction so i can clean some throw rugs also ? 
can you use this vacuum cleaner on jute rugs ? 
will it lie flat enough to go under beds ? 
how does this work on both short and long shag carpeting ? 
what is the warranty and how many watts does it consume ? 
does it have continuous drain 
how do i replace my lost owner 's manual for this dehumidifier ? 
has hose for emptying collected water but does it have a container to collect w out hooking up hose to outside ? 
what is the lowest temp it goes down to ? 
are there plastic trays like the 6 packs separating the tupperware ? 
does this come with a shoulder strap ? 
how long does it keep food cold for ? 
can you find glass containers for these ? 
can this sit in a trunk of a car for hours and still keep the food cold ? 
what are the dimensions of the top compartment on the 3-meal bag ? 
how many amps is this vacuum ? 
brush removable 
do these lil vacs with a motorized brush roll have belts that need changing ? 
does this vac fold all the way down to go underneath beds ? 
corded ? 
is this vacuum good for carpet floor ? 
can you remove the brush from the main body ? 
is the dust susposed to go in the little white cup or in the red body 
will it hold a 50inch lcd tv ? 
will it hold a 70 '' tv ? 
can you hang it on the wall to make it a floating tv stand ? 
how many dvds do the drawers hold ? 
will this be able to support an 80 inch tv ? 
whats the height and the width and the length ? 
is there a place for books to rest on the sides or do you have to use bookends to keep them upright ? 
what is the height between shelves ? 
how thick is each shelf ? 
what is the weight limit per shelf ? 
what is the distance from the floor to bottom of the second shelf , and are the sides completely open or is there a bar across sides for each shelf ? 
how and where to get a replacement for a bella one scoop permanent coffe filter ? 
where can i order mesh grd catchnn 
broken filter ? 
water does n't brew - what 's the problem ? 
how thick is the standard pillow ? 
can they go in oven on low temp ? 
are these containers bpa free ? 
how deep are the containers ? 
are they freezer safe ? 
what type of plastic is this made out of ( or what is the recycling number on the bottom ) ? 
can these be put in the freezer 
i need to know is how many pounds weighs the article . 
for those with a pillow top ( on 1 side ) i saw where ppl say the fitted one is large however is it super tight or does it stay on ? 
how deep a mattress will it cover ? 
where is made in ? 
i want to know how heavy the article ? 
what size are the pillow cases ? 
how long does the vacuum seal last once placed over an item ? 
i want to confirm that i will receive 2 domes as pictured , i found this by searching on `` pressdome set of 2 vacuum seal plate covers '' 
can this be used on plastic or paper plates ? 
is this a set of 2 
seal only air tight for 3 minutes what is wrong ? 
what is the ratio of cotton to what ? 
what kind of material are the sheets a and pillow case made of ? 
does the sesame street elmo chalk 5pc elmo twin bed-in-a-bag set fit an extra long twin bed ? 
what 's the maximum weight this scale measures ? 
does this scale come with a warranty ? 
does this need to be calibrated ? 
not including the display screen , how large is the area where you actually weigh an item ? 
what are the physical dimensions of the scale ? 
could this be used for weighting gear for ultra lightweight backpacking ? 
does the mira scale read out in decimal ounces like 0.25 or 0.50 , or fractional like 1 4 or 1 2 ? 
does this unit have warmer after popping to keep it warm ? 
what is the pop corn capacity ? 
what is the wattage on this ft824pp popper 
what is the dimensions for the cup ( and saucer ) ? 
what is the dimensions for the cup ( without the saucer ) ? 
is this microwave and dishwasher safe ? 
did they shrink after wash ? 
what are the pocket size of these sheets ? 
what is the length of the cord on the miele s 8590 marin ? 
which marin s8590 has lighted power head 
how much does the miele marin weigh ? 
is there `` power '' to the cleaning head brushes ? 
is suction excellent 
can i buy a marin with seb 236 here in amazon ? 
what is the warranty on this vacuum ? 
need to buy a screen filter 
there is smell when it heats will it go away ? 
can you use the vue cups with this machine ? 
which one holds the most water ? 
is it worth the price for k-cups use only 
what is the size of this product ? 
one gallon port wine 
is there a reusable senseo pod available for this unit ? 
attachment so you can use your own ground coffee on the single side or do you have to sue the pods ? 
does this work with keurig k cups ? 
does the hanger swivel ? 
how wide are they from end to end ? 
how many hangers are included ? 
does it really look like the picture ? 
how do you inflate pillow ? 
can this be attaches to a backpack ? 
what is the difference between travel mate ( r ) travel mate ( r ) memory foam pillow - 12.75 and travel mate ( r ) memoryy foam neck pillow - 11.95 ? 
does anyone know where i can get extra covers for this ? 
can i use this in an mri , i. e. , any metal in this , or does it have an all-plastic zipper ? 
did any kids like this 
need to know theheight from floor to top of chair seat someone said theyare shorter than dining room chairs which would make for awkward seating for 
this is for a set of 4 chairs right ? 
what is the weight capacity the chair can hold 
what are the folded dimensions ? 
are they bpa free 
what are the dimensions of the item 
where did it made in ? 
how much does each individual container weigh ? 
what kind size of sheets do you use on the queen size , if any ? 
all i need to know is if you put a toxic flame retardant or any other scary chemicals on the cotton before putting them in the over ; the cotton does n't have to be organic -- please , i am desperate ; i am very ill with mcs -- 
can you use it with a tri-fold futon frame ? 
where is this made ? 
can this fondue pot be used for cheese as well ? 
does this pot work well with cheese and chocolate ? 
we do n't have our roomba yet , but want to know as much as we can before we get it & hellip ; are these hepa filters disposable , or can you clean and re-use 
how often do the filters and the brushes need replacement ? 
does the product include the blue box housing the brushes as depicted , or only the brushes and filters as per the item list ? 
will the brush and sweeper brush both fit a 500 series ? 
will these parts fit a model 770 ? 
does the side brushes come with replacement screws ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
how many shelves inside door 
is the cabinet made of wood or pressboard ? 
what is the inner dimension of the top wood border piece ? 
is there a darker finish 
are the legs removable ? 
what is the true color ? ... more of a walnut or espresso ? 
length and widh 
how tall are the legs of the bench ? 
what are the dimensions of the baskets ? 
how much weight will this bench support ? 
is there a cushion for this bench on amazon that you have used and would recommend ? 
is this an `` end grain '' bamboo cutting board ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
how deep are the grooves 
how good is this nutcracker for macadamia nuts ? 
in what country is the nutcracker made ? 
is this nut cracker easier on arthritic hands than the standard squeeze type of crackers ? 
can it be mounted to a wooden base ? 
has anyone used this with hickory nuts ? 
does this work for hickory nuts ? 
does this work well for macadamia nuts ? 
are these baskets wooden ? 
are these a pint or a quart size ? 
are these a true turquoise or are they kind of a muddy turquoise ? 
so if i order 1 in quantity do i receive 100 baskets ? 
is personalization included ? 
are the hoops metal or plastic 
can this barrel be used for tequila 
what are its dimensions ( in inches please ) ? 
does this need to be cured before used for aging liquors ? 
does it come with the wooden stand shown in the picture ? 
what is the char level ? 
are the lids glass ? 
what are the sizes ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
why is there a picture of a light and a meter or some electronic thingy with it ? 
are these pans no stick finish inside 
can i order additional handles separately ? 
once all of the pots are nested together , how tall is it ? 
can these also be used in an oven ? 
is this dishwasher safe and wo n't warp ? 
can one or two eggs at a time be cooked in this ? 
why do n't the eggs explode ? 
what en of egg gets pierced , the pointy end or the more rounded end ? 
does the lid lock down at all or can it pop off while cooking ( like other models ) ? 
is the blanket heavy ? 
is it using the choice touch controller ? 
is there a preheat on the controls 
can you feel the wires ? 
what is the size measurement in inches 
what does a flashing f2 mean ? 
is the cord detachable and how long ? 
does the ultimate package contain 2 cookers ? 
are these 1800w or the 1600w the burner is marked with a sticker on the bottom 
is this auto volt or 220 volt 
does this package come with 2 burners as pictured ? 
is the back side of the desk finished ? 
is the desk completely black all over ? 
what are the measurements ? 
what is it made out of ? 
how deep is this cabinet ? 
what material is used in the construction of this cabinet 
what are the measurements of this cabinet ? 
could this cabinet be painted ? 
where 's the specifications 
how tall is it 
what is the width of this cabinet ? 
what are the dimensions 
when i place the order how do you know how it will be personalized ? 
is this barrel charred on the inside ? 
how tall is the machine ? 
can you carbonate straight juice instead of flavoring water after carbonation ? 
where can you refill the cartridges ? 
how long is the straw ? 
the description says it comes with a stainless steel straw and cleaner- is that true ? 
what is the weight of each included calibration weight ? 
can you measure in miligrams 
what is the lowest this scale will read , i need to measure 0.005 grams 
i have a 500 mg amount and need to separate 5-19 mg , will this scale do this for me ? 
is a 1 10 of a gram considered a milligram 
how come i ca n't seem to get anyone to ship this item to me in canada ? 
where is this item manufactured ? 
what is a slide top lid ? 
can the insulated area be filled wiht water and frozen ? 
are the glasses refillable ? 
what is the diameter of the cup ? 
why is there a photo of only 1 cup when this is a set of 2 ? 
how does this fit a king size bed ? 
i have a queen with a bed skirt do i need a king or queen , like to see a bit of the skirt 
what colors are on this quilt 
what colors are in this quilt ? 
do you have this in a king size ( cal king prefered ) ? 
is there matching curtains ? 
does this quilt have green blocks or gray along with the red or burgandy ones ? 
what colors are in it ? 
is this a king size quilt bedspread ? 
sid the company remove old mattress and box spring ? 
does the set have a box spring ? 
what kind of warranty do this set have ? 
how many parts have to be cleaned 
can i juice whole apples without slicing them ( one at a time ) ? 
how well does it do with carrots ? 
how wide is the feed tube ( diameter ) ? 
is the juice - pulp free ? 
induction suitable ? 
is it worth the time and money ? 
can it be used on glass top electric stoves ? 
are there holes in the handles in the case that i want to hang them ? 
do the lids also fit the skillets ? 
are these safe for glass top stoves ? 
what size are all of the skillets ? 
guy fieri dutch oven + microwave safe ? 
what country is this comforter made in ? 
is it machine washable ? 
what is the dimension ( l x w ) of the comforter ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the measurements of the comforter ? 
how many amps does this unit use at 110v ? 
what is the estimate cost for installation ? 
does this unit plug into a wall outlet or does it need to be hard wired to a breaker ? 
has anyone installed ax strip heat in these inside units i ca n't find that they offer any . 
does this unit come in 208v design ? 
i want to set the unit at 85 degrees and never have to touch it again . 
how much space do i need for the indoor unit ? 
is it 110 ? 
do i need vent 
what is the warranty on this unit ? 
is this really 16.5 inches long , or 13.5 inches as the reviewer says ? 
why is this listed as $ 308.00 ? 
how heavy is the complete rolling pin ? 
has anyone used this to roll out pasta ? 
what are the numbers on the rolling pins for ? 
has anyone used this to roll out clay to make hand-built pottery ? 
also , do you have 1 8 inch disc available ? 
tart tamper 
is the color brown or black ? 
is this for a queen size bed ? 
is this a curse back headboard or will it laid flat against the wall ? 
what is the size of the quilt ? 
how well does it wash up ? 
i ca n't tell from the picture but are these green and ivory rowland shams quilted too ? 
is that secondary color a bright white , ivory , or oyster ? 
would hunter green sheets be too dark to go with the green in this quilt ? 
does anyone one know where i can buy the sheets in the photo ? 
is it collapsable 
is there any kind of zippered plastic cover that can fit over the rack when full ? 
can you put an adjustable hanging closet rod on it ? 
where is it made ? 
does it have an automatic shutoff ? . 
on the 1.5l kettle , can you get your hand in to clean out pot ? 
is the element exposed on the inside 
where is the kettle manufactured ? 
is it ul approved ? 
does it have a small plastic piece inside that touches boiling water , and lead to external water level indicator ? 
has anyone had issues with the automatic turn off switch not working after a month or two of use ? 
when you turn it on , does a light come on indicating that it 's heating ? 
how long does the battery last before it needs replacement.. ? 
who long does it take to full charge for next usage 
does it clean the stairs 
durability 
does it scratch hardwood floors ? 
is there a way to do furniture or places where i now normally do with a hand extension ? 
what is the height of the space between the lower slatted shelf and the bottom of the seat ? 
i know the dimensions are stated but is it 17 '' wide and 18 '' high or vice versa ? 
how tall is the storage space below the seat ( space between the shelf and bottom of seat ) ? 
what color is it ? 
is the finish a dark brown ? 
this is just for one pump ? 
how many dispensers come with this ? 
is the lid a copper color , as well , or is it another color , and if so , what color ? 
is there a list with the numbers of the tips included in this set ? 
are the tips numbered or labeled ? 
is this stainless steel ? 
does it inlude the 1m ? 
how do i know which tip is the flower 
do they say wilton on the product ? 
will these tips fit on the wilton 415-0906 dessert decorator plus ? 
does it come with piping bags 
does this pillow come with a washable cover ? 
weight and dimensions 
can it be easily packed in my carry on ? 
is it washable ? 
is the pillow and or cover machine washable ? 
what are the dimensions of the scale , please ? 
what type of batteries does it use and how many ? 
are these dishwasher-safe ? 
are these hard to remove by hand once fully seated ? 
does it work in pelligrino bottles ? 
does this insert have corner attachments snaps ? 
does this have weights or snaps in order to use it with a quality duvet cover ? 
how predominant is the pink vs red in design ? 
is the background beige or white ? 
what are the colors ? 
is the orange a bright orange or a peach color ? 
is it machinewash and dry ? 
i want to know size of this item 
what is the size of the throw ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is this mug microwave safe ? 
how many ounces does this mug hold ? 
are the quotes on one side only ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
what are all the movies that have quotes included ? 
is the color in the stripes brown or black ? 
what does `` coverlet '' mean 
how well does it fit a king size ? 
is it easy to adjust if you decide later that you want to change it from a twin to a king or queen ? 
what are the dimensions when assembled for a queen ? 
do you need spring box for this item ? 
does the frame have a weight limit ? 
does it fit a california king 
do you have to have a headboard and or a footboard with this bed frame ? 
do i need anything else to be able to attach a headboard to it ? 
will this eliminate smoke smells like cigars ? 
is this helpful if walking around in a poluted city such as delhi ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the warranty ? 
does this device help if there are impurities in the air like smoke from fires , paint odors , dust , allergins from plants ? 
is the battery rechargeable , or can it use rechargeable batteries ? 
is inside seamless ? 
do these stack inside of each other ? 
does this bed need a boxspring ? 
how wide is the gab in the middle if i put two twin beds together ? 
is the headboard included ? does it come with slat boards for across ? 
is this chair for adults or for children ? 
is the leather ( pleather ) black or brown ? 
what size shipping box does this chair come in 
what size ? 
is it the same quality as the ultimate fondant application system `` the mat '' ? 
will this work with fondarific ? 
i assume this is a two piece set- top and bottom mat layer ? 
hello , i just want to know , if the shipping to germany is possible and how much it costs . 
does this work well with marshmallow fondant ? 
would it work with pastry ? 
how tall is center leg ? 
how does this attach to the side rails ? 
does this bed frame have hooks on both ends of the rails so that they hook into both the headboard and footboard , or just the one end for a headboard ? 
will this rails fits in louis philippe queen sleigh bed ? 
what is the width ? 
what are the exact measurements of this bookcase ? 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
the part that folds up in half - is that a solid flat plywood type piece on top of those metal slats ? 
what are the dimensions of the box this comes in ? 
have there been any problems with squeaking ? 
can this be used in the microwave oven 
is this big enough to hold a 15 lbs turkey ? 
does this come with an instruction booklet 
is this large enough o hold a whole chicken and some vegetables ? 
does the meat chicken get brown ... or more `` steamed looking ? 
what is the coating ? 
is for microwave ? 
is this compatible with induction cooktops ? 
is this tea kettle suitable for use on ceramic or glass cooktops ? 
where is tea kettles made 
is this kettle 's interior lined ? 
bottom of the pots are smaller than the top , which dimensions of the romertopf are being given , the bottom or top ? 
will this roast a large roasting chicken ? 
is glazed or unglazed bottom better ? 
does this come with instructions for soaking before cooking and how to clean ? 
is the interior bottom glazed ? 
the picture shows 09973 but the description reads 09964. which is correct and would either fit the presto popper ? 
are there 8 in each pack ? 
do you get 16 total liners , 2 packs with 8 in each pack ? 
total of 2 pack of 8 hopefully is 16 ? 
does this scratch up non-stick coating in pots when used to blend soup ? 
can it chop ice ? 
how long is the cord and do you feel the length of the cord is good ? 
are parts twist on or snap in 
is the body steel ? 
can i use this in a kamado joe cooker that goes up to 700 degrees ? 
i have a kamado joe grill do you need to place the stone directly on the diverter plate ? 
what is the warranty - specifically in regards to cracking 
what types of instructions , if any , come with this stone ? 
is this made in usa ? 
does this have an inner can that you can pulll out ( to clean ) ? 
does it have a plastic piece that will hold the plastic trash bag inside the can ? 
is there a way to lock the lid to prevent a dog from trying to open it ? 
can you use generic trash bags and if so , will they show ? 
can mr lid go in the freezer 
i want to know why they charged me 45.00 plus 15.00 for shipping when one was suppose to be free it was buy one for 10.00 get a second one free ive if 
bpa approved ? 
is this set the same as mr lid 54264 ? 
what is the size breakdown ? 
can it be washed in a dishwasher & gt ; 
are they bpa feree 
what is its size ? 
how high is it ? 
can someone please tell me how many can be stacked filled with clothing ? 
will these hold up in an attic subject to temperature differences ? 
are these a good size for school binder storage ? 
can anyone tell me if they are able to stack one inside the other ? 
does the mesh filter part have a raw edge cut or is it folded in to avoid the prickly edge when cleaning ? 
the base comes apart , are you meant to fill with water and freeze before using ? 
will they stack nicely ? 
will it freeze the fresh home made ice cream also ? 
is this a bpa free product ? 
how long will homemade icecream keep when stored in the freezer , in this container ? 
can this topper be cut to a smaller size ? 
can this be used on top of a sleeper sofa and folded ? 
does it smell when it first comes of the packaging ? 
can the twin fit on a plain sofa that 's not a sofabed 
we have xl twin mattresses- will this fit ? 
is bamboo cover on when comes out of box 
where is this made in ? 
please describe by length , width , and height exactly how big this table is when one of the leaves are extended . 
can the surface get wet ? 
i got the product yesterday , but it does not have any assembly instructions in it , do they come separately or can i find them online ? 
can you please advise what are the exact dimensions of this table when it is not expanded ? 
what are the dimensions of this product ? 
do you know how much weight this product will hold ? 
what are the dimentions ? 
i have a space that is about 44 '' x34 '' and the hight does n't really matter but , i was wondering if this whole thing would fit in that space ? 
is this product bpa free ? 
how many ounces do they hold ? 
what is the size of each individual bottle ? 
what is the original or real size ? 
will it be framed and ready to hang ? 
can you make a biggest one ? 
what kind of wood are these ? 
are the hangers bowed at all ? 
is it induction ready ? 
is this # 440465 all pan useable in the oven 
can you clean it with bon ami or barkeeper 's friend ? 
how wide is the actual cooking surface ? 
can i use it to make pancake or should i get a frying pan ? 
will his pan fry eggs without burning ? 
how deep is this pan ? 
what 's the size of the bottom ? 
cooler 
does this machine have a factory warranty ? 
does this product include the jura cool control milk cooper ? 
which water filter fits this machine ? 
i live in singapore - what is the plug that this comes with ? 
can i use it in the us ? 
dose the malaysia made powerful as that of japan ? 
what setting is appropriate for banana bread , since the recipes call for quick bread cycles and this one does not have that ? 
where can i look for the manual ? 
is this bone china ? 
do you know what kind of paint is used ? 
is this just one cup and one dish and one spoon , or is their more ? 
how many ounce of tea fit in the cup 
is there any led in it 
are these dishwasher microwave safe ? 
can you make kettle corn in this ? 
can this be used on a regular cal rod electric stove 
will it work with 2 tablespoons of oil and 1 3 cup of popcorn instead of the instructed 3 tablespoons oil and 1 2 cup popcorn ? 
can this be used on an induction cooktop ? 
is this aluminum or stainless steel ? 
is the cac90 stainless steel container compatible with the vitamix 5200 blender ? 
does it work on the maxi 4000 vitamix base 
does the inside of the stainless steel container get scratched up from use over time ? 
will this fit the ninja blender ? 
will this container fit on a vitamix 6300 model ? 
how long does the wall have to be on each side that touches the walls 
does this have a light ? 
what type of wood is it made of ? 
is the wood a deep dark brown or more of a medium brown ? 
does the door to the cabinet lock ? 
does this close airtight ? 
does this item have to be assembled by customer ? 
is it comes assembled 
what is it made out of ? 
what material ? 
what is the cover material ? 
i want buy 2 , still carge i shipping for 4.99 ? 
can someone tell me what shirt the lady in the picture is wearing ? 
i am wondering if any who own this vacuum have cats and if it picks up liter or just throw it out the back like my current vac ? 
heppa 
does it clean carpet and bare floors ? 
does it clean hardwood floors 
does it work on tile and wood floors 
how do you clean it ? 
how do you set the timer so your coffee is ready in a.m. ? 
replacement carafe ? 
is their a gold tone filter permanent basket that is compatible with this coffeemaker ? 
how long can you program to keep coffee warm ? 
how do you get rid of plastic taste ? 
does anyone have a problem with the basket overflowing ? 
may i get a replacement carafe ? 
is this coffeemaker bpa free 
so you can no longer purchase this at a starbucks ? 
is it dishwasher proof ? 
does this tumbler have a rubber bottom ? 
is the inside of the cup black or stainless steel ? 
is this an original product ? 
is the base 2.5 inches ? 
is the lid screw on or push down ? 
is it possible to chose a different color combination from the picture displayed ? 
what is the fabric made from ? 
by 113.38 do you mean is the length of sofa+chaise ? 
i would like to get the right hand sofa , what is the process ? 
can you help me with the exact size of this sectional ? 
- what are the dimensions of this item ? 
also want to know the thickness of the shelf this will clip on to ... my shelves are 1 1 2 inches thick . 
how tall are the dividers ? 
can anyone tell me if these would fit at 1 1 4 inches . 
can this product be used on a wire closet rack ? 
what size wooden shelf does this fit ? 
description does not say the thickness of the shelf that this will clip on to . 
how wide and deep is this shelf 
does this item include a frame to put the mattresses on ? 
can you please list everything that this will come with ? 
will this fit a twin bed ? 
how tall are the polls ? 
can you use platform bed frame for a canopy bed ? 
is it possible to expidite shippment i got a canaopy frame was supposed to be full xmas morn tried to put daughters bed together she was devistated 
does it really has chemical smell ? 
is this hard anodized cookware ? 
can this be used withy a heat induction base ? 
are these induction ready ? 
what are the sizes of each piece of cookware ? 
are these pfoa free ? 
is it pfoa and ptfe free 
any problems with leaking ? 
what is the height of the entire jug ? 
if this is a 2 gallon jug , what does the 5.9 ounces mean in the discription ? 
what is the country of origin of this product ? 
can this container withstand holding hot water ? 
does anyone know if this has lead ? 
what is the size of the speakers , what is the quality of the sound like ? 
does it require batteries ? 
what kind of warranty does it have ? 
what is the amp ? 
does anyone know where i can get a replacement filter for this vacuum ? 
i 've had an oreck xl for many years but i 'm intrigued with the bag less ; does anyone know if it picks up the pile as well as the regular xl ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
how long is the cord ? 
why was it discontinued 
is this mug ok for microwave oven ? 
what is the height ? 
how do i invoke the warranty for replacement of mugs that have developed cracks along the seam . 
how many come in this package for $ 28.41 ? 
can these be microwaved ? 
are these bpa free ? 
are mugs microwavable ? 
can i get an answer to why these are called glass but made of plastic ? 
how manny threads is the bed sheets 
why does the color make a difference in the price ? 
what is material is this made out of ? 
is it bright 
i am confused , does this duvet come with a pillowcase or not ? 
what size is this ? 
does this come with sheets ? 
is the colors in this cover red or pink ? 
how often do you have to change this filter on a keurig 
how often do you have to change the filter 
is this a replacement filter for the keurig b150 , b200 , b3000 , b3000se , deluxe filter kit ? 
on the slow cooker setting , does 6 hours equal `` high '' and 8 hours equal `` low ? '' 
customer service says the lid has to be closed for searing , but should'nt you be able to stir while searing ? 
can this be used as a pressure cooker canner to preserve food ? 
can the non-stick cooking insert be used directly on a gas electric stovetop ( to better control heat settings for sauteing garlic vs searing meats ) ? 
how many quarts ? 
can you set a timer on this machine to be done at , say , five o'clock in the evening instead of just saying cook for thirty minutes ? 
hi , is this the blue one ? 
can someone tell how to hook this chair up please did not come with any wires or anything 
is the audio signal wireless or do i need to run a wire from the chair to my tv ? 
is the back of this comforter cotton or polyester ? 
how long are each of the knives -- blade and handle ? 
how long is the largest knife and blade combined ? 
can it be use for meat cut 
can someone tell me what the dimensions of the two assembled pieces ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
is this bpa free ? 
what is the wattage of this unit ? 
how many watts is it ? 
what resin have you found works best w this mold ? 
how much resin will i need for each mold ? 
what kind of usb adapter can you use with this fan in my car ? 
what kind of batteries do this take ? 
comparing options ... how thick is the padding portion ? 
can i just buy this and sleep on it , i mean can i place on top of the rugs and just sleep comfortably on it 
machine wash 
does anyone know if the more expensive o2 cool 8 battery rechargeable model fd10006au with built in batteries blow stronger than this fd10002a model ? 
what kind of batterys does it need 
while on ac , how many watts does it consume ? 
is the ac power also able to handle 220v ( so i can use it if i travel to europe ) ? 
can you use this fan on a treadmill ? 
how much iced tea can you brew at one time ? 
does the design of the basket allow some water to remain there after the cycle is complete so the tea can steep for as long as the user wishes ? 
how wide is the opening of the pitcher and do you carry a lid that fits ? 
can you use your own pitcher or do you have to use the one provided ? 
is it made in usa ? 
does this unit contain bpa ? 
what is the height of the tea maker from counter to the top of the unit ? 
would it be possible for me to attach short legs to the large ottoman to get it an inch or two off the floor , or would that place too much stress ? 
can i put a frame to hold 8-1 2 inch by 11 inch file folders in this ? 
what is the weight capacity ? 
what is the wattage ? 
can you make quick fresh squeezed oj from this ? 
is the bella high power juicer a 110 or a 220 voltage ? 
where is the plug in cord located ? 
where can i buy a tamper food pusher for this ? 
how many juice container juice pitcher with lid in a box ? 
is it strong enough to handle cocoa nibs ? 
is this work on 220 volts input power or just 110 120 volts ? 
does this pan come with a lid 
will the 12 inch covered deep chicken fryer lid fit on this ? 
are these made in the usa ? 
does this come with sausage stuffers , or will the kitchenaid sausage tubes fit ? 
can this grind up chicken bones ( for catfood ) ? 
is the plunger bpa free ? 
will this grinder work with a kitchenaid pro 550 
do you need to purchase an attachment screw or does one come with the chef 's choice attachment ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
does it work with the artisan mixer ? 
this might be a silly question , but can you also use this to brew a regular cup of coffee ? 
what comes in the box ? 
reusable 
does it brew regular coffee or tea as well ? 
what is involved in cleaning the machine and does it have to be cleaned after each use ? 
is this for ipad mini or regular ipad 
does this case work for ipad 4th generation ? 
can anybody tell me the weight of this and what the warranty is ! 
how does this machine do removing pet hair from carpet and furniture ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
how does this do on high pile carpet ? 
can it be laid back low enough to get under furniture ? 
how loud is it ? 
my mother is disabled & amp ; is having trouble using her old vacuum - she has 3 cats and persian rugs + hardwoods - would this work as her sole vacuum ? 
is the large one large enough to roast a whole chicken ? 
does it work on glass cooktop stoves ? 
1 quart size ? 
what size are the two dishes ? 
i need lid for 7 by 7 and 3 inches deep 1 1 2 qt blue corbflower dish 
what are the sizes of the 2 casserole set ? 
does this pan work on an induction range ? 
what size are the kettles and fry pan in the 8 piece set in yoshi blue 
is it safe to use on glass top stove 
what size are the pans 
is this cookware dishwasher safe ? 
what tools comes with the dyson dc41 animal complete ? 
where does the turbine tool mount or does it not ? 
how does it do for pet hair on hardwood and is there a good attachment that works well for pet hair on furniture ? 
will it work well on my thick shag carpet ? 
what is the voltage about this product 
is it possible to fill only one espresso cup at a time with this ? 
what 's the difference between this and the de'longhi ec155 model ( which is currently $ 20 cheaper ) 
does this coffee maker can brew two separate cups of coffee at the same time , does it have 2 openings for 2 cups ? 
is it made in italy ? 
the machine i purchased recently starts to leak water too early ( before green light is on ) and the coffee is too bitter ... has anyone had similar issue 
what is the difference between the de'longhi bar32 retro 15 bar ( $ 89 ) and the de'longhi ec220b 15-bar ( 79 $ ) ? 
will this hold the sodastream dynamo lx 
does the kitchenaid sparkling beverage maker powered by sodastream fit ? 
will this work with the revolution soda stream ? 
will this product fitsodastream source home soda maker starter kit , black ? 
will the soda stream model soda stream 1016511011 crystal black silver soda maker fit ? 
does this work with the sodastream lx model ? 
i saw on another site that you make black chairs for this table , is there a way to get everything thru amazon or thru your company direct ? 
is the chrome base shiny or matte ? 
what is the seat height of these chairs ? 
how much are the chairs ? 
i like the table but i like the chairs from this set `` cramco virgo 5-piece dining set - white '' is there a posibilty that the chairs can be switched 
what is the maximum weight that the chair is intended to support with the included cylinder ? 
what is the highest point that the seat can go up ? 
how far back is the maximum recline of this chair , and is there a way to lock the recline position ? 
how high is the chair back from the seat to the maximum top of the headrest ? 
what is the maxijum height ? 
can these be used as an insert in water bottles to keep beverages cold ? 
how do i remove the sticker from the ceramic without ruining the finish ? 
are they induction compatible ? 
where is it made 
what is the size of the speakers , what is the quality of the sound like ? 
does it require batteries ? 
8 inches by 20 what inches or foot for ziploc vacuum sealer bag rolls 
can you recycle ( not reuse ) the bags once they 're empty ? 
how do you `` customize '' these when they are in a roll ? 
does the dispenser drip or leak at the top or down the sides and does it have a plastic gasket inside the top ? 
where can i buy a replacement gasket for the wmf kult honey syrup dispenser ? 
how many ounces does it hold ? 
please confirm where this product is made . 
is it easy to clean ? 
can you take the lid off and put the glass part in the microwave ? 
is this 18 10 stainless steel ? 
where is this product made ? 
is there 'wmf ' marks on spoons ? 
is it good for side sleepers ? 
in which country is this mattress being manufactured ? 
does this need box springs also ? 
80 by 60. are dimensions wrong as fulls are 54 by 75 ? 
does this come with a box spring ? 
distance between the floor and first shelve 
what is the exact width measurement , and is it the width of the black shelf , which appears to extend out a little , or the sides of the unit ? 
what are the inside dimensions after assembled-we purchased one and now it wo n't fit down over our water tank 
is the translucent panel in the door made of glass or plasitc ? 
what is the distance from the floor to the bottom of the back brace ? 
do these come vacuum-sealed or are they shipped at full dimensions ? 
what is the pore size in microns ( indicator of the smallest size of particles allergens that ca n't pass through ) ? 
is this a medium height pillow ? 
where is this made ? 
does anyone use this on cat litter that spills onto the carpet , and if so , how does it do with this ? 
does the charger have contacts that the unit sits on or does the charger need to be plugged into the vacuum ? 
does the battery hold charge for like 15-30 mins and how much time this needs to be on charge ? 
do you remove the foam filter when you pick up water ? 
how does it store away ? 
the picture looks grey and black , is it grey and navy blue ? 
is this a fabric or vinyl curtain 
is this a fabric curtain requiring a liner or a vinyl one which would not require a liner ? 
is this `` furry '' or is it the same feel as a t-shirt ? 
poliester or cotton ? thank you ! 
is it actually soft furry or is it cotton ? 
will this item be back in stock ? 
is the picture of this comforter an accurate description of what it actually looks like ? 
are there curtains available to match this bedding ? 
what is the shipping box size , thank you 
does it comes with the 3 pillows ? 
is the bedskirt in a leopard print or a solid colour please ? 
is it 'breathable '' -as cool as w out a pad- or are you more likely to wake up 'sweaty ' & amp ; hotter than w out any pad or mattress-cover ? 
how thick is this ? 
would this fit on a10in tempur mattress ? 
does this pad creates a plush sensation to the bed ? 
will it fit on queen size blow up mattress 
does it fit in the washing machine ok ? 
it comes brown with white or beige ? 
dose it come in green and brown 
hi , is the height listed with or without the lids ? 
where are these made ? 
what is the model number of this unit ? 
is this the hpa300 model ? 
do filters need to be replaced 
does it support 220v ? 
what size is this unit out of the box ? 
does anyone know if this unit emits ozone ? 
does it purify the air from second hand cigarette smoke ? 
can anyone please advise the packaging size ( measurement of the shipping box ) for this item . 
how does this juicer perform with greens like kale , collards , spinach , etc ? 
how loud is the vrt350x ? 
what is the warranty on this juicer and is it from the manufacturer ? 
any trouble with disassembly ? 
how many feet is on a roll 
how is it is to clean and is the paper durable ? 
is this liner easy to remove ? 
need 18 '' wide hard wired , need along with order 30 '' wide hard wired too 36 '' long brushed nickel 
can the warmer be installed with the junction box at the top left instead of the bottom right ? 
can it also provide supplemental heat to the bathroom ? 
how long does it take to warm up ? 
can this be mounted on side of wood cabinet 
does this machine have a water hookup or do you have to fill up a tank ? 
height of product ? 
can you use regular k cup pods 
what size reservoir ? 
can you use k cups in this machine and does it have a visible water reservior ? 
how many bulbs does they have ? 
how can i tell if one of the bulbs is bad.it is not as hot as it used to be . 
how to replace the blub 
i have a edenpure trusted comfort a5093 rpe1500 with the sylvania 500 watt 115v j248 bulb need to see if this bulb will work 
how do you know which bulb is bad have very low heat 
what are the dimensions 
is it possible to put a full cup of beans in at a time without grinding issues ? 
is this 220v capable ? 
does this work to grind spices , beans , nuts , rice ? 
what is the warranty ? 
what is the height from the floor to the seat ? 
will the fan kick on if the outside air isnt cool enough ? 
can this fan be used in a window that is a vertical slider , instead of horizontally , as in the photo ? 
is a filter compartment a part of any new design changes for this unit ? 
is there a manual mode for exhaust only ? 
can i leave this fan in when it rains or do i have to take it out ? 
does it lay all the way back 
what is the weight limit for this chair ? 
what is the floor to seat height ? 
width from armrest to armrest minimum to maximum height ... height from seat to floor depth of seat 
do you know what the recommended weight this chair can hold and lift ? 
any other colors 
comforter set ... does this mean there are matching pillow shams ? 
does this fill a full size bed ? 
are the sheets and pillow cases included 
does this fit a queen bed ? 
i will leave soon usa does the product fits to 220 v ? 
is there a service in us ? 
can i use any type of magnetic strip to block off an area ? 
is the iclebo able to learn house layout in daytime and apply it to work in the dark ? 
is the iclebo better than the neato in not sucking in very light area carpets . 
can you put a swiffer pad on it , for mopping purposes ? 
does it have a problem vacuuming large black rugs ? 
does product have `` cliff detection '' we have a large open balcony with cable handrail that vacuum could drive under and fall to first floor . 
is this a dry or wet mop 
what is the size of each ? 
is the rack stainless steel or chrome plated ? 
can you cook with this on a glass top stove to make gravy ? 
can i cook with this pan on top of the stove ? 
large enough for a 15lb turkey ? 
has anyone ever made lasagna in this pan ? 
where was made ? 
can i use this in the broiler ? 
is the grill plate removable for cleaning ? 
how tall is the stand for this grill 
how can you plug it in for tailgating ? 
what is the dimensions on the grilling space ? 
is the top hinged ? 
vented lid ? 
can i use it with a glass bottle ? 
does it make the tea taste like the plastic or anything funky ? 
is it a toy 
are they made of real egyptians or some sort of cotton or microfiber ? 
are these microfiber sheets 
where are these made 
are these italian sheets made of egyptian made in italy , egypt , or china ? 
are these made of cotton ? 
elastic ? 
i do n't see where it gives the dimensions of the inside cube ? 
how would you describe the blue color ? 
size pls 
is there a button in the center of top 
what is the weight limit ? 
what is the diameter of the bottles ? 
are these containers bpa free ? 
i have neck paini want a pillow not to firm or thick what do you reccomend ? 
is the hose a separate purchase or is it included 
how deep is the unit from the front of the unit to the back including room for the hose to bend 90 degrees to flow into a sink ? 
does it use a standard garden hose for continuous drainage ? 
what 's the capacity of the tank ? 
are they microfiber ? 
hey how can i comunicate with you have questions about sheets 
if not cotton , what are they made of ? 
are they 100 % cotton ? 
where can i buy extra pillow cases to go with this ? 
does the lid fit securely when the infuser is removed 
can you use this to make sun tea ? 
what is the capacity ? 
is this product dishwasher safe ? 
what is the difference between the models filtrete 4us-maxl-s01 and filtrete 4us-maxs-s01 besdies $ 20 ? 
do you have to use the included water dispenser our can i keep my faucet sprayer and connect the filter to the faucet cold water line only ? 
does this kit come with a faucet or some other form of dispenser ? 
what replacement cartridge goes with this model ? 
question to people who own this , when you pour a glass and hold it up to the light , are there hundreds of tiny bubbles that disappear eventually ? 
can you tell me if the included faucet is brushed nickel or chrome ? 
what color was the filter faucet- chrome , stainless ? 
will this item work on space bags ? 
does this vacuum pump work on the ziplock brand of large storage bags ? 
will it work with ziploc space bags ? 
is the jar glass 
what is the volume of the pitcher ? 
where to buy the replacement jar since original one is broken 
is this product work with 220 v 
can i get a replacement cover lid 
would the base fit a mason jar in place of the pitcher ? 
does the finish contain an anti bacterial additive such as triclosan ? 
is the bottom completly flat , making them okay for glasstop ranges ? 
does this pot come with a lid ? 
does this get hot on the handle i.e. , needing a glove ? 
where are they made ? 
is this product treated with a coating ( such as a lacquer , beeswax , coconut oil , etc ) ? 
does this product carry forest stewardship council ( fsc ) label or a similar `` earth-friendly '' certified organization label ? 
is there laquer on these utensils..i saw where some say they have lanquer , and lanquer is toxic.. 
where are these manufactured at ? 
induction 
is this pan dishwasher safe ? 
can the techef-blooming flower pan be used in the oven for foods like fratatta or other egg dishes ? 
i purchased this item in 2013 , from amazon , the surface is clearly breaking down and i would like a replacement per the product guarantee , how ? 
is the inside a smooth surface or rough ? 
what is the dimension of the bottom of the pan ? 
are there any `` how to care for ' '' or similar guides or instructions that can help extend the non-stick feature ? 
what is the weight limit for these ? 
will these fit over a 1.5 inch rail ? 
does this have a handle on the lid ? 
does the lid have a lip so that hot coals can be placed on top ? 
what is the inside diameter of this dutch oven , please ? 
is the interior non-stick ? 
do the bottom heaters light up when in action ? 
will a 9 by 13 pan fit ? 
will it rotisserie a 5 lb chicken ? 
made where ? 
where is this product made ? 
can i buy replacement pans and crumb pans as mine are really full of grease hard to get off . 
can the beeper be turned off ? 
does it get hot on the outside when cooking ? 
does this machine include cutting blades or just rollers ? 
how wide are the pasta sheets 
what is the size of lid , diameter measurement ? 
will this lid fit model 3351 003 ? 
will this fit my rival smart pot slow cooker model scc658 6qt oval ? 
i ca n't really tell from the picture ; is this lid round or oval-shaped ? 
we have model 33511 5qt slow cooker and need a new lid 
will this lid fit model 33511 ? 
can the top shelf ( the one designed to hold something above the screen ) be removed entirely ? 
before i purchase this does it have wiring organizer holes and clips in the back to not show the wires ? 
how many types of pasta can you make with this machine ? 
where is this machine made ? 
does this make 1 8 inch wide strips ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
does it come in a box 
can you make tagliatelle , papardelle or other egg dough with this machine ? 
is the wood suitable for staining , or only for painting ? 
is the seat light gray as pictured ? 
what is the height an size of the seat 
i hate assembling things - how difficult is this ? 
can the cushion be removed before staining or do you have to tape it off ? 
would it be very difficult to remove the seat in order to reupholster it or does it lift right out ? 
what is parawood and what color is the seat ? 
is chair fully assembled or if not what needs to be done . 
are they comfortable to sit in ? 
is the back of the chair comfortable to lean against , looks like it would n't be ? 
is the fabric color red or rust ? 
is the color of the stripes a dark red ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the difference heat surge mini mate , and a heat surge mini glo . 
is it economical electricity-wise 
has anyone used this item long enough to know if it increases your electric bill significantly ? 
is there a remote control you make for this heater ? 
how much will it cost to run a month 
does it have a fan to force the heat out ? 
what is the difference heat surge mini mate , and a heat surge mini glo . 
was it framed or not ? 
do not see any measurements ... are these nice size wall art ? 
hello , you give , traking number ? 
it is mentioned that wood framed on the back artwork so i imagine it will come with the frame . 
if it is not framed , how can we fix it on the wall ? 
has anyone been pleased with what they have received ? 
is this glass ? 
what size is charger plate 
what is diameter of palce 
do you know if this product could sustain a full size futon matress ? 
what country was this product made ? 
can a box spring be used with this frame ? 
can it be folded in a couch position like a futon ? 
would i be able to attach a headboard to this frame ? 
is there any way to mount this unit to a wall instead of in a cupboard or on a counter ? 
what in the box ? 
what are the width and depth dimmensions of the largest spice rack , and will it hold up as well as the others ? 
will this spice rack hold the square bottles of organic spices ? 
can you mount it under a cabinet ? 
if placed in cabinet above microwave that extends out 2 '' from cabinet , would bottom rack work properly ? 
will this hold penzey 's 1 2 cup glass jars ? 
does thiw rack have to be inside a cabinet or can it stand by itself on a counter ? 
does this have to be in a corner 
what us the height of the two openings on the shelves underneath ? 
what is the dimension of the stand ? 
is it good for old model televisin ? 
is this stand suitable for a 40 inch led tv ? 
does it fit well in the corner ? 
does it swivel all the way around or only partly ? 
what part swivels , exactly ? 
how much weight can the product hold ? 
would tin foil plastic wrap containers fit ? 
would this organizer fit on cabinet door that is almost 1 '' thick ... what is the measurement of the inside of the hook that fits over the top cabinet 
would this fit over a standard sized closet door ? 
what is the width of this basket ? 
can the arms over door hooks be removed to mount on wall ? 
is it 14 1 2 inches tall or wide ? 
how many ounces does this pot hold ? 
where is this teapot made ? 
can i use this teapot on a glass top or electric stove ? 
how large is the base of the tea pot ? 
what are the inside dimensions where the butter sits ? 
is the base recessed to allow a water seal ? 
does it fit in butter holder on door of fridge 
dishwasher safe 
will this hold a 16oz of butter ? 
will this hold a one lb stick ? 
does this butter dish hold one lb of butter ? 
how much rice to water ? 
does this come with a measuring cup and a spoon ? 
what country is this from ? 
how many cups of uncooked rice can this hold ? 
does it work on an induction heater ? 
does it come with a rice paddle ? 
hi is this a 220-240v rice cooker . 
can i leave the wine rack out when assembling or is it integral to the structure ? 
does this kitchen island come with optional wheels so one can roll it ? 
this has to be a mistake , this pan ca n't possibly weigh 11.9 lbs , right ? 
can these greenpans be washed in the dishwasher ? 
can these pans be used on an induction stove ? 
where is this product made ? 
i am having trouble finding the lid that fits in this pan , do you suggest any ? 
can i cook a 25lb turkey in it ? 
what are the dimensions 
will the pan work on induction stove top to make gravy ? 
how much room is there between the bottom of the pan and the bottom of the rack for the drippings how many inches ? 
fit a 12 lb turkey ? 
how many of these do i need on a queen size bed 
what is the maximum and min height it can be adjusted too ? 
how much weight can these rails support ? 
if i have just the mattress , will this hold the mattress up or do i need additional slats for support ? 
how do the slats go together ? 
what is the adjustable height range ( floor to boxspring ) ? 
can i just use the end of the slats to sit on the side rails of the frame without having to drill holes ? 
is it a pain to have to cut the veggies just the right size to fit into this cutter ? 
what 's the difference between this and the instantveg , besides being $ 20 more expensive 
does this also work accessible for left handers ? 
is this produc bpa free ? 
does anyone know the difference between the zojirushi sm-khe48ba vs zojirushi sm-kb48tm and what that means for the consumer ? 
is the top of the mug hinged to the body of the mug , as being attached and one piece ? 
where is the mug manufactured ? 
what is the composition of the nonstick interior ? 
is tris product made in china ? 
does it have a matte or glossy finish ? 
is this fan one that will be in the recall ? 
what 's the difference between the am05 & amp ; am04 ? 
does it come with a remote control ? 
does this work effectively to cool a hot bedroom ? 
what is the recommended maximum room size the am04 or am05 can cope with effectively ? 
how many w 
voltage 
can you stack two of these together or will they slide off ? 
are the drawers removable 
can you take out the black inserts ? 
where are these made ? 
are the sides of this pad stretchy and is it easy to put on 
would this pad fit a 9inch deep mattress ? 
does this add comfort to your mattress ? 
a reviewer mentioned a `` plastic smell '' , , , ,has anyone else experienced this ? 
where is this made ? 
does it say where this is made ? 
how does it look after washing drying ? 
does the measuerment include the fringe 
measurements 
are there exposed coils in the bottom of the kettle ? 
is it cool to the touch after it heats ? 
is is noisy heating the water 
is this battery powered ? 
i need messures for this fireplace 
can i know the voltage ? 
how long is the cord ? 
would this be safe to place in a wall enclosed and stone around it ? 
i bought a real flame insert it has a vibration noise how can i stop the noise 
does this product clean stainless steal coffee pot ? 
how much do you use in 1 pot for 1 cleaning ? 
can squeak'n clean be used on plastic coffee mugs or melamine kitchen ware ? 
is this price for a case of 12 bottles ? 
is the eggshell more cream , more of a yellow tint , or ecru or lt. tan ? 
does this have ties at the corners 
the add says it fits king size but does not say anything about cal-king will it fit that ? 
does this duvet cover have something in the corners on the inside to keep the down comforter in place while it 's in the duvet ? 
what are the dimensions ( height , length , width ) of the pillow ? 
is the z-gel on both sides of the pillow ? 
how much does it weigh 
is it made in switzerland , or in communist china 'with swiss design ' 
i do not understand how to change out the disks , it came with one in place , do i just pull it out ? 
can you use almond milk with this device ? 
is it 220v 
what temperature can you get the hot chocolate if you press hot ? 
how long does it take to heat the max amount of cold milk to the `` hot '' temperature ? 
can mice enter ? 
which side of the toaster does the cord attach to -- left or right ? 
how wide is this oven ? 
does it have an auto shut off ? 
what is the length of the cord ? 
how many heating elements inside total ? 
how many watts does it use ? 
what are the exact dimensions ? 
what is the height of the oven at its highest point ? 
what are the dimensions of the bag ? 
is the mixer blade compatible with non-stick pot coatings or will it scratch them ? 
does this product come with a warranty ? 
can it froth milk for lattes ? 
can you mash potatoes 
is the whole bottom half stainless steel or its plastic ( covered in metallic paint ) ? 
would this on work on the k-60 ? 
will this work on my mini k10 kuerig ? 
usable on a bkc700xl ? 
do these have the gaskets under the lids ? 
will it fit mr coffee bvmc-kg6bl 
can a k-cup also be used in this replacement ? 
does this fit the k10 mini ? 
can you use the paper filters sold on amazon inside the mesh filter ? 
what is the true dimensions of the bed 
how much clearance is there under the bed ( for underbed storage bins etc ) ? 
what is the bed frame made of : wood or metal ? 
are the bed pieces , head-board and frame all covered in the leather look material for an aesthetic appearance ? 
can this bed hold a 10in mattress ? 
where can i buy the accent pillow 
what is the size of the king comforter ? 
is this bold red or a maroon 
what material is the bedding made of ? 
does 50 feet mean the combined total ( 25 feet each roll ) or is each roll 50 feet ? 
are they compatible with all sealers ? 
is this product textured like food savers or are they thin , clear plastic ? 
do you have to seal both ends when it comes on large roll 
is there any warranty with this ? 
how does or can the hook come off the wall ? 
does it work on plus size clothing ? 
does anyone know how wide the shirts are when folded ? 
can you fold towels with it ? 
can you fold fitted sheets 
i see people are complaining about the instruction manual being only 3 pictures ... is that all ? 
does this spiral cutter have a suction cup to attach it to the counter to stop it from moving ? 
how can i operate it 
how many different blades does this machine come with ? 
would it do strings the size of thin spagetti ? 
what is the finished size when folding completed 
i second the question on how it folds towels & amp ; other larger items 
how can i repair cracked hinge without getting tape adhesive on warm clothes ? 
what is the difference between blue and orange ( besides almost double the price ) ? 
is there a warranty ? 
does it do collerd dress shirts 
is midnight blue a navy blue or royal or other ? 
what is the warranty on this model ? 
can the turbo brush be attached to the hose , without the long handle ? 
does this product work for pet hair ? 
does one keep pumping to get the air out ? 
what are the sizes of the containers ? 
are these containers stackable i would like to put them in the pantry to hold flour and beans ext 
what if i want to buy just one glass ? 
was it made in america ? 
what size are they 
i want to buy this product , just wanted to make sure , is plug fits to sockets we have here in usa or do i need a adapter plug ? 
my current butterfly mixer ( bought from india ) broke after nearly 7-8 years of usage..all the reviews has left me confused..to buy or not from amazon ? 
does it have power cable that suits us style power plug ? 
does 2 pillowcases come with set ? 
does only 1 pillowcase or 2 
how high is the actual lower desk portion ? 
how wide is the keyboard tray drawer ? 
can the writing section attach to the left side ? 
can the top shelf of the hutch hold a small flat screen tv ? 
is the desk strong for a person to sit on it ? 
have the mesh screen tearing issues been fixed ? 
what is the mesh made of ... stainless steel or something else ? 
would this also be useful for straining nut milks , or would a bag be preferred for straining nut milks ? 
does it really hold 2 qts ? 
can this go in top rack of dishwasher ? 
can i use this to make non-dairy greek yogurt ? 
are the n2o cartridges disposable oir re-useable ? 
how much cream do i add to make a full container ? 
can this skillet go in the broiler ? 
will the handle get hot while cooking ? 
how heavy is it 
where is it made ? 
does 10.25 '' represent the rim-to-rim diameter or the cooking surface diameter ? 
can you use metal on this ? 
where can i find a lid 
does the timer dial tick ? 
is the tob 40 a newer model than the tob 80 ? 
can you fit 4 pieces of bread in this toaster oven ? 
will this oven hold a 10 inch square baking dish ? 
how many come with a purchase ? 
how many does the thing have ? 
how do you dispose of them 
how do you triger them 
how many smoke grenades come with the $ 17.95 purchase ? 
how long did the smoke last 
does it hold a 60 inch tv ? 
will this support a 40 inch flat screen ? 
i lost the assemly instructions where can i find it on line 
would this stand hold a microwave oven ? 
when assembling , can i omit adding the top shelf to it and not have posts in the way ? 
where are these made ? 
are these tumblers dishwasher safe ? 
ask they stiff and hard , or are they bendable ? 
does this cardboard cut out fold up ? 
the size is given as 70x44 ... i 'm assuming that 's inches , right ? 
is there enough space between the blade and the countertop to place a container to catch the grated coconut ? 
how far is the stainless steel blade from the body ? 
is the blade stainless steel ? 
do you make delivery to serbia or only for us countries ? 
can this coconut shredder also grate raw potatoes ? 
is this electrical scrapper ? 
it looks like the top is a lighter color wood than the rest of the table , is it ? 
how does it come together , does the bottom 4 inches of each leg screw into the longer portion of each leg below the bottom shelf ? 
can it support a flat screen tv ? 
is the center front of the table a functioning drawer ? 
what is the distance between the two front supports ? 
can this be assembled wihtout the bottom shelf ? 
what are the dimensions 
do these work with the natural flavors or only the `` regular diet '' flavors ? 
that item fit 500ml syrups or 750ml syrups ? 
what is its capacity volume in ml ? 
does it come with the rubber strap which secure both containers ? 
does it hold liquids ? 
how big are the sides of the bentgo in centimeters inches ? 
do these resist stains from foods such as spaghetti sauce ? 
what is the size of curtain 
is all of it together $ 22 including shower curtain trash can clenex box soap holders towels ? 
what is the lenth and width of the window curtain and how many panels ? 
what exactly comes in this set ? 
what comes in this set ? 
does it come with everything in the picture ? 
does the set come with everything pictured ? 
what 's the height of the footboard ? 
does this include the mattress and boxspring , or is this just the frame ? 
does this fit a eastern king mattress ? 
is this made of a velvet or velvet-like fabric ? 
will this bed fit a temperpedic adjustable mattress ? 
will this accomodate a california king mattress ? 
we have two twin size box spring that support the king mattress , would they fit for this bed ? 
is the color the exact as shown or lighter darker 
what is the difference between the d121-us-bk-ne1 and the c120 ? 
are espresso and cappuccino the same ? 
does this come with any pods ? 
does this only work with capsules or also ground espresso , and is the milk frother a separte device ? 
noise 
how long difficult is the cleanup process for the machine and the frother ? 
is there a storage area for the extra whisk , when it is not being used ? 
can i just make a regular cup of coffee ( as we do in our kureig ) using the same types of pods i would use for espresso lattes ? 
will it fit 17 inch deep mattress ? 
what are the dimensions for the pillow cases ? 
how much cotton do they contain ? 
i want affordable warm sheets for a queensize bed which is 12inches thick , what do you suggest for me , i like thicker sheets that are good quaility,100 % cotton unless u have other suggestions , thx , darryl 
what size fitted sheet will fit , 12 '' full size memory foam mattress , should i buy queen sized ? 
how is 100 % polyester measured as 1500 thread count ? 
where are these sheets made ? 
does the fitted sheet have deep pockets ? 
what is the thread count ? 
queen pillow case dimensions please ? 
what are the sheets made from ? 
what is the dimensions in inches please 
is there a cover ? 
can i bake laof cakes in this mold ? 
how many kg or oz of water does this hold ? 
how large an oven is needed for it to fit inside and cook properly ? 
i would like to know if your product is bpa free plastic..fda approved and if its made in the usa ? 
is the cooking process the same if i 'm cooking fettuccine , macaroni , or other types of noodles ? 
does this cook rice ? 
how does this product do with cooking gluten-free pasta ? 
is the plastic safe to microwave ... bp ? -free ? 
where are these made ? 
can you rinse quinoa with these strainers without losing any ? 
is the mesh the same in all three , or does it get finer as they get smaller ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
is this product bpa free ? 
what are the dimensions 
what are the dimensions 
does it only come in white 
how many shelves are inside the cabinet , and are they adjustable ? 
is this particle board or real wood ? 
can you `` not '' use the x shaped towel holder , and just use it as an open space ? 
what are the dimensions 
do these tips fit on standard couplers ? 
are these large nozzles ? 
is tip # 233 included in this kit ? 
do these include couplers ? 
where does this ship from ? 
does this come with tip 74 ? 
does this include the plastic container for storage ? 
are they large or small tips ? 
are these easy to clean do they rust if you clean them with water ? 
are these thin and easier to bend compared to the ones sold by brand names such as wilton and ateco ? 
what are the exact dimensions ? 
can these be used with any lego sets or are they specifically for the `` friends '' sets ? 
will it work for storing lego duplo bricks ? 
are the bricks and girl figures included ? 
drawers 
how much will it hold 
can you stack one 4 drawer set on top of another set ? 
what size are these pans ? 
no mention of the sizes on the two scanpan fry pans ? 
is there really a lifetime warranty and could someone share the details ? 
is green tek ceramic-titanium ? 
where are these pans made ? 
are they used on ceramic stove tops satisfactorily 
what are the sizes of the pans ? 
can you use bisquick or another commercial pancake batter and get good results ? 
does it cook on top of the gas stove or is there an electrical heating connection ? 
what ingredients are needed for the recipe that is included 
does this include recipes for the batter ? 
can the nozzles be replaced ? 
would this fan be damaged by the rain if left outdoors all the time ? 
will this fan help keep mosquitoes away ? 
are the nozzles brass or plastic ? 
are the nozzles universal and can you buy them at the box stores 
does this connect to a water hose 
how long is the electrical cord from the fan to an outlet ? 
does this help cool in a hot , humid place like houston ? 
is it compatible with 220 240v power ? 
can you clean the oven with it ? 
does it have a trigger lock so you do n't have to keep holding the trigger with your finger ? 
will the steam from this crack thin glass ( say , on an inexpensive mirror ) ? 
can it be used to get rid of bed bugs , at what steam temp do bed bugs or their eggs die , does it produce the required heat 
can this unit steam fabric like fine garments ? 
what temperature does it reach ? 
what is the weight capacity for seating ? 
does it arrive fully assembled and are there other colors ? 
what are the deminsions ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
before i order , are the sheets more cotton or microfiber ? 
hi do these fit single bed or are they double sheets thx 
how thick are they ? 
i have a glass top stove and i am looking for a product that is heat resistant enough that i can cover the burner after i turn it off ... 
can they be used to pull hot items from an oven or mainly to set hot pots on it once out of the oven ? 
can you slice frozen or semi frozen meat 
where can i purchase new sharpening stones ? 
does this ship to apo ? 
is there a warranty on this product ? 
i 've heard that a foam mattress absorbs all odors like body sweat while sleeping and after a few months it starts to smell is this true 
can this topper be trimmed to a smaller ( short queen ) size ? 
size 
what are the inside dimensions of the two different size drawers ? 
are the deeper drawers on the bottom able to hold smaller articles of clothing such as socks and or underwear ? 
what is the height of the entire drawer unit ? 
is n't it cheaper to purchase from ikea ? 
what are the interior measurements of the drawers ? 
what are the inside heights of the drawers 
how much tilt can it have ? 
how high does it go ? 
what is the height please of the base - clearance to slide under ? 
could i plug it into an ac adapter that i have ? 
does this come with an ac adapter ? 
can i order a specific color ? 
where is this fan made ? 
how many fans are in a box ? 
can a hose be connected to it so you do n't have to empty the bin all the time ? 
does it auto shut off when full ? 
does the fan run constantly when on or only when humidity is high ? 
wattage used 
is this product energy star ? 
can you pre chill the mixing glass in the freezer ? 
is this fabric or vinyl ? 
is the base color white ? 
what are the dimensions of the curtain ? 
are the cherry blossoms red or pink ? 
can i see an actual photo of the curtain instead of just your display photo ? 
what is the fabric ? 
is this full sized or the narrow , stall width ? 
i would like to know if you have to use a liner with this or is it waterproof ? 
does it come in queen size 
what is the weight limit 
can you get this in a full size ? 
does this have a hookup for the drinking water dispenser on our fridge ? 
does it include the tubing and saddle valve ? 
will this fit model tfx24r ? 
will the im6 icemaker work with a ge model tbx22macbrww fridge ? 
does the im-6 replace the im-4 ? 
does this ice maker is good for old model fridge general electric model tfa20jrsm 
does it comes with the wiring ? . 
does this work as a replacement for the microcore in your lava seat warmers ? 
how long should this pack be heated in 1000 watt microwave ? 
hos long do you heat the non toxic liquid combination hot cold pack in the microwave ? 
would this be soft enough to use by itself on a wooden platform in the back of a car ? 
is this topper warm hot to sleep on ? 
was this topper difficult to clean ? 
what are the dimensions of the full size topper . 
what is the density of this product 
can i just put this foam on the bare floor and sleep on it , instead on keeping it on top of mattress ? 
i have a mattress that is about 3 years old , we are supposed to turn it around once a year , but it is much too heavy to turn , will this topper work and cover the large dent where i lay ? 
what is the density ? 
is there an organizer that sits on the cabinet and holds a blower & amp ; a 2 1 2 '' air brush ? 
what are the measurements ? 
what is the size 
where was this product made ? 
what is the size of this tray ? 
what are the length , width and height ? 
how high will the legs go up ? 
does the top section tilt up like this one does : http : www.amazon.com laptop-computer ... 
does your lap to fit inside of the desk ? 
is this reversible for left handed mouse placement ? 
dimensions 
led light - battery or is there an electric line ? ... is the leg height adjustable ? 
does it have usb ports ? 
can this be used on hospital bed 
have any truckers used this in their sleeper ? 
where is this made ? 
how big is twin size ? 
i wan na know which measures package ? 
do you post it to australia ? 
why not use for a child under 3 yrs of age 
my daughter has the comforter is this set just the sheets cause she doesnt need the comforter 
does the top sheet shows minnie mouse or only in the comforter ? 
how many cans of soda can it hold ? 
how much does it hold ? 
is this item energy star rated ? 
is it frost free or do you have to defrost manually ? 
does this fridge have a csa or cul electrical rating ? 
where can i buy foam or mattress in size 34 '' x 72 '' ? 
does it seperate completely away from the day bed as in 2 seperate beds ? 
does the trundle lift up to meet the daybed 
how high of a mattress will fit on the trundle with this daybed trundle combo ? 
will this trundle fit with the asia day bed ? 
is there any assembly required for the trundle ? 
does it come with mattresses 
can the af310 also work as a plain fan ( not a cooler ) 
does it come with a remote ? 
can i adjust vertical air flow on this unit ? 
how do i get more little black tips for my shelve ? 
how high is this spice rack ? 
can anyone tell me how high this spice rack is ? 
what are the outside dimensions of the 2 qt saucepan ? 
will this pan work on induction cooktop ? 
contact surface diameter and depth of pan 
can you tell me where these are made ? 
why the mechanical clamp if it has a vaccum clamp base ? 
what are the dimensions in this pillow ? 
washable ? 
is there a firmer version ? 
will it blend ice cubes ? 
does it blend frozen fruit , kale , some ice for a smoothie ? 
which is the newest model , the cuisinart csb-75 smart stick 2-speed 200-watt immersion hand blender or the cuisinart csb-76 smart stick 2-speed 200-wa 
csb-75- i do not see the warranty listed in the ad- how long is the warranty ? , the csb-76 says 3 years i can not find any listed on this page 
what does the red light mean - iron or do n't iron ? 
how many watts does consume ? 
good evening do i want to know the dimensions of the package where i can visualize them ? 
comes in original box ? 
how do i clean the bottom of the ir03v steam iron ? 
how do you put water in theiro3v 
what is the iron watts ? 
what is plastic attachment that comes in box 
why do n't they come with lids ? 
do they come with lids ? 
are these lead free ? 
are there any lids ? 
can you find lids for them ? 
does it come assembled ? 
can this dresser be mounted to the wall for safety purposes ? 
how wide is it ? 
is the dresser made of solid wood ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the interior measurements of the bin on the bottom ? 
are the gliders made of metal or plastic ? 
do the gliders sit on the sides of the drawers or underneath ? 
will this rust 
could we purchase replacement cushions ? 
do the come on pieces , is it hard to put them together ? 
what is the seat depth ? 
is it genuine leather ? 
what are the dimensions lenght and height ? 
what are the dimensions of this sofa ? 
is this bonded leather ? 
is this for a full size bed ? 
are the sheets deep pocket ? 
is it a duvet cover or a comforter ? 
does it have matching curtains 
if i am keeping little people detained in perfect mason 's , would 4 or 5 holes punched in the lid suffice to provide oxygen ? 
are thease good for storing my pot ? 
are these made in america ? 
what is the size of the individual jars in this 6 pack ? 
could i use these jars to store dried beans to keep them from getting moldy 
the lids comes in two pieces , right ? 
will the 2 3 4 '' daisy lids fit these jars ? 
i want to buy reverse osmosis filters to replace my old one but will purenex 1c-1gac-1s-1i-1m50 reverse osmosis ro filter replacement set fit all ro ? 
does this come with a 50 gpd flow restrictor ? 
purenex t-33 reverse osmosis coconut activated carbon cartridge has no flow direction on it , i need to know the direction of flow to install it . 
i bought this replacement setup from you and my tds is still over 300ppm.. my tap water is 570.. please help.. 
is the finish filter set up to use 3 8 '' od tubing ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
how deep is the drawer ? 
is the drawer on sliders ? 
tall queen size bed ? 
does it go well with a twin sized bed ? 
will it require assembly when delivered ? 
what materials is it made from ? 
how wide is this ? 
can the handle be changed out ? 
does this bed require a box spring or does it come with slats ? 
would this be compatible with a sleep number bed ( split king ) ? 
does this bed come in a queen ? 
planning to this on a trip ... . will this pass through tsa in carry-on bag , or will it need to be checked in ? 
is the chair adjustable or is there just one angle ? 
how much does this chair weigh in pounds ? 
is it black paint or faux leather on the top ? 
cant really tell but is it an elastic band that holds the cigarettes and if so does it work well in holding ? 
is it black on both sides ? 
does this case hold 100 's & amp ; if so how many 
is the faux leather on both sides or just the top ? 
will it blend ice cubes ? 
does it blend frozen fruit , kale , some ice for a smoothie ? 
which is the newest model , the cuisinart csb-75 smart stick 2-speed 200-watt immersion hand blender or the cuisinart csb-76 smart stick 2-speed 200-wa 
csb-75- i do not see the warranty listed in the ad- how long is the warranty ? , the csb-76 says 3 years i can not find any listed on this page 
is it machine wasable ? 
what are the dimensions 
does it have a 2 prong plug or 3 prong ? 
what 's the wattage ? 
can i get this in beige ? 
are there other colors avaible ? 
how long is the cord ? 
is it shipped in the original poackaging ? 
it actualkly removes the outside skin of the pineapple as well ? 
can you use this as just a peeler corer , or does it have to slice it into rings based on how it is used ? 
in what country is this product made ? 
we just got this as gift from my daughter after 3 days the bottom filter cracked are there replacement filters ? 
are the coffee and tea maker the same ? 
does it fit in the nespresso pixie ? 
can you tell me is this capsules work with the nespresso model d300 ? 
is it suitable for nescafe dolce gusto coffee machine ? 
i would like to brew pilon coffee which is an espresso ground ( already ground in the package ) ..will this work ok or is it too fine a ground ? 
can you tell me is this capsules work with the nespresso vertuoline 
hi , are these pods compatible with the nespresso essenza manual espresso machine ? 
do the coffeeduck refillable capsules work with the nespresso inissia espresso maker ? 
will these work in the de'longhi lattissima plus ? 
compare nepresso to kurik please 
do they have a ready mix as well as the recipies ? 
where can i get the mixes ? 
does it come with a treat cook book 
are the treats crunchy ? 
what is the warranty on this refurbished unit ? 
return policy 
does it tell you the level of humidity in the room ? 
tds meter included ? 
what is the # for the replacement filter for the zp-006 6 cup pitcher ? 
is the filter the same size and shape as larger zw pitcher filters ? 
does the filter remove.rust from well water ? 
is the filter the same as the other zero water product ? 
is this pitcher bpa free ? 
have you ever used the inner pot to saute meat and or vegetables on a stove top before slow cooking ? 
is the lid removable for day-to-day cleaning purposes or is it hinged ? 
how long does it take to cook an average amount of rice ? 
does it have a retractable cord ? 
how is the taste for red wine ? 
how much do they hold 
how much do the glasses hold ? 
is this 2 complete wine glasses in this sale ? 
how tall are these ? 
are these engravable ? 
is there any plastic in the construction of this press ? 
does it feel cheesy ? 
is the glass detachable from the metal ? 
is it possible to get a 12 oz replacement carafe ? 
is the glass microwaveable ? 
is it hard to put together.i have no skills . 
what is it made of exactly , is it particle board ? 
do they make this in white ? 
are the drawers on glides ? 
is the back side of this accent table cardboard or wood ? 
u said they are not on glides so are they easy to pull ? 
is the dhb719 have variable speed 
is this one variable speed ? 
is this a tri-blade model ? 
i want to know the ac current is it 120 or 220 watts ? 
capacity 
is the plastic bpa free ? 
for how many persons is the pasta cooker ? 
can you salt the water like when cooking regular pasta , and can you cook with broth , etc ? 
can you cook spaghetti for 2 , or boxed mac & amp ; cheese with this ? 
does this model come with tools for cleaning tight areas , stairways , and furniture ? 
are all the pieces included and manual too ? 
how many amps of power does this vacuum have ? 
where is this product made ? 
does it come with a retrackable power cord 
new to a p c , waiting for delivery , would barbeque sauce or any other sauces create enough steam for pressure or would it need to be watered down ? 
can you brown meat in the removable insert on the stove ? 
is there a delay start feature - like you have it all programmed , but you want it to start cooking 2 hours after you leave the house ? 
does it have a stay warm function after the food has been cooked ? 
can the slow cook feature be used with the class lid ? 
can anyone recommend a steaming basket that will fit the slow cooker express ? 
what if i need a spare pot ? 
can you cook rice in this - what setting would you use ? 
what is liner made of ? 
how long do the mop pads last ? 
can this be used on hardwood floors ? 
can you use a cleaning solution with this steam mop or should you only use water in it ? 
in the box 
how does it compare to the shark steam floor cleaner ? 
ok maybe i am just missing it but i have read description several time and nowhere do i see anything about the size of these `` wonderful '' knives . 
can these knives be put in the dishwasher ? 
can you put them in the dishwasher 
what size are the knives ? 
how many cups can this rice cooker cook ? 
what is the maximum cups of rice you can cook in this rice cooker ? 
are the buttons on the machine in english and korean or korean only ? 
is inner pot stainless steel and can it cook a cake ? 
how fast does the image rotate ? 
the title says `` flashing '' so does that mean all the lights go off & amp ; on or is it more like individual twinkling stars ? 
are these plates microwave safe ? 
are these plates dishwasher safe ? 
dishwasher safe ? 
do i have to peel oranges and core apples with this one ? 
does this machine extract the pulp or does it pulverise it into the juice ? 
does it do wheatgrass and other greens 
can you do smoothies on this particular model ? 
what 's the difference between different wattages ? 
does is come with a a recipe book ? 
can i use carrots in this juicer 
does it come with a cup to place in front of the juicer ? 
can this make bannana juice from banannas , or does it come out like a smoothie ? 
will it knead bread dough ? 
does the bowl turn by itself ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
could this make rough puff pastry dough ? 
can anyone respond if this is 110v only or also 220v ? 
can you stack them 
is the surface smooth 
will this crate stand outdoor elements under a covered porch ? 
do these ship to canada 
can this crate be a stand for a 49 pound dehumidifier ? 
what are the internal measurements of these crates ? 
can i use this to clip my pants on to my suit hanger so i wont find my pants on the floor when i get ready to wear my suit ? 
how do they attach to the hanger ? 
can these clips be used on any thin hangers ? 
do these clips work with the joy mangano huggable hangers ? 
could these clips fit over a 1 4 '' round rod ? 
can these be used on the thin metal hangers that come from the dry cleaners ? 
do these clips leave marks on your clothing or are they smooth on the inside ? 
what is the range of height for the seat ? 
can the mesh back be adjusted to move down ? 
is this chair suitable for someone 5'1 '' and slender ? 
does stainless steel model have any warranty ? 
does that dehydrator works with 220v power ? 
are the stainless steel models just as loud or louder quieter than the plastic ones ? 
does this one heat evenly and drain the grease ? 
what is the temperature range of this griddle ? 
what is the size of this griddle ? 
how sturdy is this bunk bed i have a 4 and 5 year old 
what size of twin mattress is best 6 or 8 inches ? 
do you sell ths stairs separately 
can the beds be separated into two twins ? 
do i need to get 3 twin size mattresses for this bed ? 
is there a weight limit for the top and or bottom bunk ? 
does this bunk bed require separate bunkie board or are they included ? 
what 's the chair weight capacity ? 
i am 6 foot tall and have a 34 '' inseam , will this chair adjust heigh enough to accomodate my height ? 
what is the width and depth of the actual seat ? 
where do i find assembly instructions ? 
what on gods green earth is a leatherette seat 
does this chair offer good lumbar support ? 
how many pairs can this shelf hold ? 
how wide and tall is it ? 
is this waterproof ? 
what is the boxes shipping dimensions - i see that it weighs 6lbs but will need the measurement of the actual box it is in - thank you 
can you stack two racks on top of each other ? 
what are the dimensions when it is assembled ? 
could you stack two of these units on top of one another ( to make it taller ) ? 
is it worth spending the extra money on this unit for the pressure cooker feature ? 
does anyone know what the delay settings are ? 
does the pressure cooker model cook white rice faster or what is the cooking time for white rice ? 
has anyone tried making steel cut oatmeal in this model ? 
what is the different between this model and hbc10 ? 
made in japan or china manufacturing 
can this be used to make other foods , such as chicken broth ? 
size of room it will be able to heat in the cold wisconsin area nwest ? 
how loud or quiet is the heater when running ? 
can plug and unplug 120volt nevi 
can i unplug to move unit 
8x10 addition ... will this at least keep pipes from freezing within the wall that it would be mounted on , if mounted over the location of the pipes ? ty 
how many amps does this draw ? 
does it come with mattress 
please let me know maximum weight capacity . 
do you have to have link spring and does it come with it ? 
what are the exact measurement specs it must fit in a small `` man-cave '' ... ... 
what 's the weight limit for this ? 
does the lid stay up when lifted ? 
dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions , please ? 
what are the measurements ? 
what is height and width ? 
what are the dimensions of the skull ? 
does the mold come with the back too ? 
what is the material on the inside of the lid ? 
how long does it take to cook 1-cup of rice ? 
does it cook brown rice 
can i put the ceramic pot in the dishwasher ? 
i 'm worried that the position of the steam vent may cause moisture runoff straight onto the control panel , does this ever happen ? 
how do you remove the water collector in the back of the rice cooker ? 
is the finished product up to a total of 2l ? 
is it quiet ? 
quiet 
does it support 220v input power ? 
does the entertainment center need to be attached to the wall for stability ? 
how high up from the ground does the tv sit ? 
will this entertainment center hold a 50 '' tv ? 
do the shelves on the lower left right have to be installed or could they be left out to fit something like a subwoofer ? 
what kind of material is this made out of ? 
how tall is it 
how tall is this loft 
does the mattress come with it 
how do i go about replacing the screws and nuts if i have lost them 
53 '' is bigger than a twin so does that make this a full ? 
weight maximum 
do the zip bags work in the freezer ? 
are additional wine stoppers available ? 
are the bags made from a safe plastic ? 
can i use it with the caso vacuum sealer canisters in addition to the bags ? 
can this cabinet be recessed into the wall or is it only surface mount ? 
is this medicine cabinet 24 0r 25 '' wide and 30 '' high 
how wide is this cabinet ? 
how high is cabinet 
does this create enough air tightness that you can use it for secondary ferment of kefir and kombucha to get carbonation fizz ? 
do they fit kerr brand wide mouth jars without leaking ? 
do they fit for the 4 oz bell jars ? 
can this go in the dishwasher ? 
do you pop ina canister and use ir up or do you haveto close it up wheb done 
do these bottles work with the sodastream source ? 
is both sides of the comferter camo also ? 
is both the top and bottom sheet in camo , ,and all the pillow cases also ? 
how long does it take to warm up this blanket 
does this product have a manufacturer 's warrantt 
what is the voltage ? 
does it work on wood floors ? 
does the si 75 come with a reusable cleaning pad for the main unit ? 
i wanted to know the size of the cleaning surface on the machine pad , not how much space it would clean . 
si 70 vs si 75 
i want to know it work for carpet 's cleaning ? 
does it work on carpet 's cleaning ? 
did anyone have trouble with getting the assembly screw to thread properly for attaching the handle to the main unit ? 
is the pad reaching uneven grout lines to remove the dirt or is the steam just settling the dirt `` sanitized '' into the deeper , uneven grout lines ? 
does the haan si-75 clean uneven grout lines well ? 
what size - diameter in inches across thie top of bottle or jug - do they fit ? 
will this fit a welches grape juice container 
i this airlocks compatible with better bottle ( plastic ) carboys ? 
would these airlocks fit a 6 gallon glass carboy ? 
i am new to this , can you drill a hole in mason jar metal caps and fit these in or not ? 
does the airlock separate from the white bung sealer portion or are they permanently sealed together ? 
just want to make sure , this will fit a 5 gallon carboy ? 
if iam making an alcohole shold they be a lot of little bubles or a few the first few days ? 
what are the measurements of the bunkie board ? 
will this and a mattress support a grown person up to 200 lbs ? 
if i purchase 2 of these , can i use them for a king sized bed ? 
what is the thickness of the bunkie board 
.what the length , width , height ? 
is this weatherproof for a backyard ? 
does this pillow have the solid teal fabric on the back side like the others in this collection ? 
what size is this pillow ? 
is it oven proof ? 
are the sides higher than usual , which is what i want ? 
is loud popping sound normal..not sure what is happening . 
is loud popping sound normal..not sure what is happening . 
is the diameter mentioned that of base or the top ? 
how can it be induction-ready if it 's aluminum ? 
is the handle designed not to hold water ? 
is this pan dishwasher safe ? 
what are the dimension of this bed ? 
can you describe the colors it is hard to tell with just a picture , what is on the reverse side 
can you machine wash or dry clean 
are they pcb free ? 
how many containers come in a set 
are they bpa free ? 
how many of each are in the set ? 
does it swivel or oscillate ? 
does it come with a 3-prong cord ? 
what are the dimensions please ? 
does it work under 220v electric power supply ? 
what is the outside fabric made of ? 
is the queen long enough to hang over edges ? 
is it polyester or cotton ? 
is it machine washable ? 
is this actually white , or is it kind of an ivory off white ? 
what is the size ? 
what are it 's dimensions without handles ? 
what are the demensions ? 
is the cushion comfortable ? 
what is the maximum weight this bench can take ? 
country of origin and does it pour without drips 
what are the dimensions ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
would it work with 220 volts in europe ? 
is this teapot lead-free ? 
is this tea pot can put on tea pot warmer ? 
can you use the pot without the infuser ? 
can use an stove ? 
is this teapot oven top safe ? 
does it shut off automatically when it comes to a boil ? 
does it have where you can adjust the floor height ? 
how many bags come with this ? 
why does mine not have have power , new , just out of the box & gt ; 
how many amps 
does it come with any bags ? 
will this work for ground coffee ? 
what is the distance from the dispenser to the base 
hey does this work with normal smarties ? 
is maintenance easy to you change filters ets . 
several filters are available for this unit , which filter comes with the unit ? 
how often do you need to change the filters ? 
apo 
is this alen breathsmart have ozone 
are they stackable ? 
where are they made 
what 's the weight limit ? 
what is the length of the bench ? 
what is the seat height of the bench ? 
is it solid wood construction ? 
what is the length of this bench . 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
is there assembly required ? 
if i bought two units would they fit flush together ? 
is it good for picking up pet hair ? 
are there attachments & amp ; where are they kept ? 
does the battery have a separate charger or do you have to plug this in to charge ? 
should we completely drain the battery abd recharge it again ? 
does it work well and is it safe to use on wood laminate flooring ? 
can it handle kitty litter ? 
what is the height of this chair ? 
how does it recline 
is this a stationary recliner or does it rock as well ? 
why is the color listed as 'grey ' ? 
what are the measurements ? 
can you put them in the oven and if so what is the max temperature 
can you use metal utensils in these pans without scratching the surface ? 
are they safe for both electric and gas stoves 
what us the warrenty 
this cookware set 14 pieces un brings spaghetti strainer ? 
do these pots and pans have the silver looking bottoms 
are the covers made of glass ? 
what is the difference between classic ( 68 ) and `` chef 's '' classic ( 66 ) ? 
how long are the slots , i.e. , will it handle wide artisan breads ? 
how long is the cord ? 
has anyone had trouble with the defrost button no longer being able to light up when pushed ? 
does it toast evenly ? 
how many watts is this toaster ? 
what is the weight capacity of the chair ? 
what kind of spatula should be used on this pan ? 
what is the inside diameter 
would you buy this pan again 
induction compatible ? 
is this cadmium-free ? 
how many mccormick size spice bottles would fit on each shelf ? 
would this be able to hold shot glasses ? 
can this be mounted to a wall ? 
please advise me as to the width and height restrictions for my spices . 
is this rack holder wide enough to be used as a tea rack holder ? 
will this hold my 27 '' imac safely ? 
does this really weigh 9 pounds ? 
do the stainless steel straws you sell fit in to these lids ? 
does the lid measure 3 '' across ? 
how do we stop these from rusting ? 
how many oz is this jar ? 
does this lid fits large mouth mason jars of any size capacity ? 
how big is the straw hole ? 
why is the shipping so costly 
how much is the straw diameter ? 
please compare contrast the fro frutti vs. dessert bullet vs. yonanas . 
do you have to use bananas or are their recipes without them ? 
can you make ice cream in it ? 
im from uk if i bought this item would it work in uk 's voltage ? 
when you first turned on your air purifier did you notice a strong unpleasant smell ? 
does the ionizer in this unit make the air smell fresh like how air smells after it rains . 
does it illiminate odors and car fumes ? 
is running on 220 volts ? 
are the colors red or more burgandy 
does this collect pet hairs easily since i have small dogs . 
is 104 length or width ? 
is it actually burgundy as advertised or red ? 
how is this when washed ? 
where can i get the skirt for comforter for full size bed ? 
is this frother easy to clean and are there attachments that come off to clean ? 
can you program this kettle to heat the water to 98-100 degrees every time or do you have to reset the temperature each time you turn it on ? 
does boiling water ( or steam ) come in contact with any plastic on the kettle or lid ? 
does it hold the temperature for a set amount of time after it reaches it ? 
how much noise does this thing make while heating up and at full boil ? 
is there anything in the box product confirming that the 1.7l kettle is bpa-free ? 
can you get a gentle controlled pour for doing pour over coffee or is the goose neck version better for that ? 
if the temperature is set for 100 c and you use the `` hold '' function , does it self-destruct by boiling dry ? 
can you leave loose tea leaves in the kettle overnight , and add more loose tea the next day while also re-using the tea leaves from the day before ? 
can you heat up milk in this kettle since you can control the temperature ? 
how long does it take this thing , when full , to reach 190 degrees f. ? 
does the burner shut off if pan is left on too long ? 
what is the diameter of the cook surface and what are the overall dimensions ? 
what is the difference between the 7100 and the 8100 ? 
someone mentioned something about the bottom of the pan surface ... could i use a round chinese wok with this..i assume it only heats what is touching . 
can you use stainless panswith this burner ? 
the description says `` 10 temperature range from 140 & deg ; f to 460 & deg ; f '' , can anyone tell me what the temperatures are ? 
does it makes noise when cooking ? 
does it take a long time to boil a large pot of water for pasta ? 
does this duxtop induction burner have an automatic shut-off in case someone forgets a pan on the burner and it starts to burn ? 
are there ties at each corner of the cover to bind it to the down comforter ? 
what are the dimensions of the queen duvet ? 
what all comes with it ? 
regarding free shipping question , the comforter is $ 159 , it is over the $ 150 purchase required but is not giving free shipping ? 
it says `` + free shipping '' but when i go to order there is a charge ... ... ... .. 
can you heat tortillas in this warmer 
how big is this warmer ? 
is it 10 inch ? 
what is the overall length of this cable ? 
what tools needed to replace parachute style release handle 
the weight is 28 pounds , but what does shipping weight 52.8 mean ? 
what is the height from the floor to the glass ? 
where are they made ? 
what is the capacity of these mugs ? 
are they microwave safe ? 
what is the size of this fruit basket ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
could this be hung with a hook at the top ? 
what are the measurements of this product ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is this made of ? 
can i use this 14-inch grand cool breeze gel memory foam mattress with a adjustable queen base ? 
do i need a foundation to go with the 14 '' cool breeze mattress . 
what size sheets does this take ? 
is the mattress come with a factory warranty or i have to get one for the 30 years ? 
will this fit on a regular bed frame 
would this work on top a coffee mug ( not cup ) ? 
is the price of $ 7.68 for one or two 4 '' lids ? 
does it work on wine glasses ? 
what is slicone made out of ? 
what color is it exactly or best descript ... ... .. 
what is the thread count ? 
do these belts fit any panasonic vacuums 
what is the circumference of the belt 
will this belt by any chance fit a panasonic vacuum that needs a ub-11 belt ? 
what are the deminsions ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
does anyone know where this cabinet was made ? 
does this come in black ? 
what are the dimensions of each compartment 
is there one or two hooks on the back for hanging ? 
can i display my sea shell collection here 
what are the dimensions ? 
how tall is this with the lid off ? 
is this product bpa free ? 
is the lining stainless or plastic ? 
what size are these mugs 
does this one have the easy cleaning lid ? 
where is it made ? 
size 
is inside of the mug seam-less ? 
`` can keep 40 degrees till 12 hours '' does that mean 40 degrees celsius ? 
how easy is it to drink out of ? 
if it is not made in the usa , where is it made ? 
i do n't really understand how you are pressing and using this lid ? 
will this wringer fit a 5 gallon bucket 
dimensions and brand 
what is the smallest mop this will accommodate and still wring out the majority of water ? 
what are measurements ? 
lenght ? 
does it need to be mounted into studs 
excuse my ignorance , but does mounting this requires putting holes in the wall ? 
is this wood and what colors does it come in ? 
is this wood or particle board ? 
is it made from particleboard ? 
is this black ? 
does it come already assembled ? 
does this cabinet come in white or cream 
would this look hold okay with liquor bottles on top ? 
what are the measurments ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
are they the thicker fleece- the higher quality or are they the thinner fleece ? 
is there any sort of pilling or scratchiness after they are washed a few times ? 
i can not get the clean filter to reset after cleaning ? 
has anyone used this air purifier to get rid of cigarette smoke coming in from outside ( like from next door neighbors smoking in their balcony ) ? 
does this put out ozone ? 
what is the purpose of the blue led light ? 
does this model create ozone ? 
do you have to replace the filters ? 
does this item have lights 
does this item have lights 
does this vanity have lights 
i have read on this site and another that there arent any holes to screw the mirror on so i wouls have to drill holes with a drill..is this true ? 
is the top a lamenated and or veneer finish to prevent stains ? 
what is the height of the mirror 
what is the inner diameter of the steamer pot ? 
how small is the hole ? 
will this work on induction cooktop ? 
where is this tea kettle made 
does the handle get hot when you heat it up , needing to use a pot holder ? 
is there a warranty on this kettle , in case it rusts or the handle breaks or other stuff like that ? 
is this kettle made in america like the pots and pans ? 
how long does it take for the water to boil ? 
what is the diameter of the bottom of the kettle ? 
is it possible to keep the whistle rid open without holding it ? 
how much is the square footage put out on this unit ? 
how will the heat pump work well in cold temperures or well it freeze up ? 
can the compressor run on 220vac and the split unit on 110 vac . 
with a 10 ft. line set do i need remove freon ? 
what type of freon is this unit charged with r-22or410a 
we never have more than 1 foot of snow on our flat roof but is there a practical ( or nec ) height the shutoff box needs to be above the roof ? 
would it hold a 65 '' tv 
would it hopd a 65 '' tv 
what 's the maxium , weight of a tv can it support ? 
how deep are the shelves ? 
is this item easy to assemble ? 
it wont work on dark-colored [ black ] rugs ? 
where to get virtual wall 
i have a irobot roomba 585 pet series , i clean everything and ready to go , but when roomba finish , did not pickup dirt . 
can this model be scheduled to clean ? 
what the voltage and does it come with multi plugs like an international adapter ? 
is it available for shipping to ecuador ? 
will this work on 220v 50ghz voltage ? 
is it available for shipping to colombia ? 
can it be used in a window that opens left to right and not up and down like the photos ? 
what is the diameter of the exhaust hose ? 
is this with a 110 plug or a 220 ? 
how does it get installed . 
is the unit on castors wheels so it can be easily moved ? 
does any one think this unit does not rate as 5 star and why 
does the unit have a condensate pan that needs to be emptied , or dose it have the smart design that evaporates the condensate it produces ? 
how long is the exhaust hose both in expanded and contracted lengths ? 
does this unit have a temp gage that can be set so it automatically comes on if the temp get above the setting ? 
can this be used to clean bath tub 
lifespan ? 
how long is the cord ? 
what is voltage is it 110v-240v 50 60hz or what ? 
can this be used on carpet 
mine did not come with triangular pads or the triangular head as noted ... did anyones ? 
can you use the handheld part to steam your furniture ? 
what is the voltage is it 220v - 50 60hz or what ? 
how does this work on cleaning grout ? 
is there a wedge to turn it into a sectional ? 
is the set authentic leather or bonded leather 
how wide is the bottom of the 6 qt pot ? 
can it be used on an induction stovetop ? 
can this juicer handle leafy greens like kale ? 
does it come with the picher to capture juice 
does it leave soggy pulp ? 
how does this juicer work on wheatgrass ? 
does this come with the juicing pitcher as well , i just dont see it listed ? 
what is the difference between this model and the breville 800jexl juice fountain elite 1000 watt juice extractor 
does it handle greens 
would it work in israel ? 
nuts 
is the door under the cooler larger enough to fit an extra bottle ? 
can u tell me the height ? 
can you get parts for them ? 
does this have switches to shut off the cooler and heaters ? 
how tall is the unit with a bottle in it ? 
do you have to take off the whole cap off the 5 gal bottle or does it puncture the cap ? 
are they full tang ? 
how sharp are these knives ? 
what is spreader usedfor 
are they dishwasher safe 
what is spreader used for 
can i store these knives safely on a magnetic strip ? 
what temperature 
does it have a variable darkness control ? 
how long does each waffle take to cook ? 
about what is the size of the waffle ? 
how tall is the seat from the floor ? 
is this chair available in different colors ? 
is the top lid supposed to have a plastic gasket on it so that the beverage ca n't just slosh out when the pitcher is moved ? 
what is the capacity ? 
where is this manufactured ? 
what is the capacity ? 
what is the diameter of the bottom of the dispenser ? 
how tall is this without the lid ? 
why ca n't someone sell just replacement spigots for beverage dispensers and i do n't want the cheap plastic ones that they offer . 
how is the glass attached to the base and does this keep it from sliding or tipping up if someone leans on the edge ? 
can i just buy the table without the 4 chairs ? 
can the heater be set to come on at a certain time if no one is home yet to warm up the house ? 
mine runs a few min.cuts off and will not come back on . 
what is the length of warranty 
how wide is it ? 
does it rotate ? 
how tall is this and how many cups does it hold ? 
will this fit an extra-deep 20 '' mattress ? 
will these sheets fit 15 '' mattress ? 
does the king set come with king pillow cases ? 
does this fit into an average cup holder in a car ? 
will a regular metal cover fit on it ? 
is this too breakable since it 's glass ? 
is the plastic recap non-bpa ? 
can you wash in the dishwasher ? 
where are they made ? 
how big is the portafilter ? 
can you fit a 4 cup carafe under this unit ? 
instruction booklet for villaware 15 bar pressure pump espresso maker 
what size tamper do i need for the portafilter ? 
are these true hepa filters ? 
is this original neato product or compatible version ? 
how long do the filters usually last ? 
my brush is stuck , please free it from debris ; why does it say this even when the brush appears clear ? 
will these filters work with neato xv signature ? 
anyone find a tool to help clean these ( in between replacement ) to get in the nooks ? 
will these filters work with neato robotics xv-12 ? 
is this the filters for the bot vac 85 ? 
what is the spigot made of : plastic or stainless steel ? 
how much clearance is under the spigot ? 
is the base separate from the body ? 
how tall is this dispenser ? 
where was this made ? 
does this dispenser have a metal spigot ? 
do you have 1.5 gallon available ? 
is the plastic cap bpa free 
to minimize using to many bottles for bottling beer..would this jug be able to handle carbonating the beer without breaking after fermentation ? 
is the bottom flat ? 
is it heat treated 
what is the height of the jar ? 
is this made in usa ? 
does the cap screw on ? 
how heavy is this bottle ? 
will a quarter fit through the opening ? 
what size and weight is it ? 
are these large enough for 5 and 6 year olds 
can you put in a filter pod so you can put in your own ground coffee ? 
how do you adjust the temperature ? 
i know there are three brewing sizes , but does it dilute the coffee if you choose the 10 oz vs 6 oz ? 
can you fit a standard size travel cup under it ? 
does this model allow me to set the machine in a way where it 'll automatically make coffee at 8am ? 
weater temp 
describe water filter ? 
can you program this to automatically make a cup before you wake up ? 
how long does it take to brew a cup of coffee ? 
can you fit a travel mug underneath ? 
without the use of a liner , is the shower curtain opaque enough so ca n't see the naked person through the shower curtain ? 
is there a matching valence ? 
is it fabric or vinyl ? 
does it require a liner ? 
what kind of warranty does this sofa carry 
does the back of sofa come off so that could fit a door 
how many pieces ? 
i want to buy this recliner but do n't want to have it delivered until august 1st 
how far fron a wall does it have to be to recline ? 
do the sheets have the wrestlers like the comforter or just wwe logos ? 
are the sheets grey with logo all over and is the pillowcase as shown here ? 
what is the dimension of the sheet set while it is packed , i need this piece of information for international shipping ? 
does the full size fit a queen size bed ? 
does this accept k-cups ? 
how much coffee will the filter hold ? 
does this accept k-cups ? 
is it 110 or 220v ? 
how long does it take ? 
can you use the single kc cup coffee or do you have to use the scoop coffee 
are these made in usa ? 
each set spoon rests had a plastic pouch labeled `` bakeware gadget '' with little red item labeled `` kitchen meister '' -- what are these ? 
does this have a heating coil that needs to be soaked in vinegar for cleaning ? 
does this need replacement filters or bulbs ? 
does this have an auto turn off when it gets empty ? 
does the stand come with the mount if so what is the total height of item 
this work for 65 in 
what are its dimensions ? 
does the mount that holds the television allow you to hide the wires inside so they can be nice and neat ? 
travel mug 
what is the temperature of your cup of coffee or tea ? 
does this item come with the k-cups ? 
brew tea 
can the discs for tassimo be used in the bunn mcu ? 
how much does the queen mattress weigh ? 
is the cover removable ? 
can you use this mattress for an adjustable bed frame ? 
7 inches deep ? 
can you please tell me the country of origin 
what 's the dimension of this mattress ? 
can they be used to melt candy in the microwave for molding ? 
anyone knows what is the different between this daymark hand-e-grip & amp ; grip2go pastry bags ? 
are the ends of these already cut like the ones i got from the christmas store ? 
are they thick like the wilton bags that are sold in the stores ? 
is the mug microwave and dishwasher safe ? 
it works for 220v ? 
do you have to plug in or is it cordless and battery operated 
how long does it take to warm a cold drink ? 
is there a lighted indicator when warmer turned on ? 
i saw made in usa and made in china answers so where is it manufactured ? 
is the plug a 2 prong or 3 prong ? 
is this a right hand mug or left hand ? 
does it leak ? 
can you use this with hot water ? 
can you use this lid for pouring or would it just run backwards down the jar ? 
how long do you let soup heat up ? 
can you pop popcorn in them in the microwave 
any tips on making rice 
is it freezer safe ? 
how do you get the lid off ? 
when do you open the vent ? 
is it bpa free 
are there any cook books for sistema cups ? 
will it slice apples to 1 4 '' thickness in pieces and not spiral ? 
is this the same as the paderno ? 
hi there , how much to send 2 of these to auckland , nz ? 
magic opener - extreme magic opener - can this open a powerade cap , it is 1.5 inches across , so the would need to go over the 1.5 inch across cap 
will this open a boost drink bottle ? 
i see that it opens water bottles well but how well does it the can opener part work ( soup cans ) and how easy is it for an elderly person ? 
will this open a 2 liter bottle of diet coke and diet mt dew ? 
does it work on pull-out plugs in juice & amp ; milk cartons ? 
does it come with a hepa filter out of the box or do you have to buy that separately before the first use ? 
does it do bare floors 
is this easy to assemble and does it do a good job on picking up pet hair embedded in carpet ? 
is it good for use on wood floors ? 
how do i remove the hepa filter 
does it have a retractable handle 
this shelf is described as being 3.25-inch deep by 5.25-inch high ... ..but it looks ( in the photos ) to be deeper than it is high ... .which is it ? 
is this shelf hollow inside ? 
will this work with two side walls but no back wall ? 
does the paint on the rods chip ? 
what do i need to connect 2 of these together to make a longer expansion ? 
can this item be used if only one side will be against a wall ? 
can you give me t size is the sofa 
what collor is it , what fabaric ? 
can the back cushions be removed ? 
is it assembled 
here 's a good question what is the weight limit of the sofa ? 
are the back cushions and the seat cushions attached or removable ? 
are they single or double ply cotton thread ? 
are these sheets considered `` irregular '' - ones you 'd find in an outlet ? 
where it was made 
what is the size of the queen flat sheet ? 
are these single ply or 2 ply ? 
is it 100 % cotton 
does anyone know what temperature the cuisinart holds the yogurt mix to while fermenting ? 
does the appliance heat the milk ? 
can this also be used to make kefir ? 
is the yogurt container plastic or glass ? 
does itmake greek yogurt 
is it bpa free ? 
can i put my own container instead of the plastic container it comes with ? 
does it come with recipe book ? 
do you sell the poker dot pillow and do you have curtains to go with it and do yor shams fit standard size pillows 
what color are the sheets ? 
is it machine wash 
what is the thread count on the cotton 
do this set have two decorative pillows or one ? 
what kind of fabric material is this set ? 
i want to order this but where can i get the decorative pillows to match ? 
what are the dimentions im having a hard time find any ? 
is the comforter washable 
does anyone know the measurements thanks 
what are the dimensions between the main shelf and the top where you would add the wine glasses ? 
what are the dimensions 
included 500 units double-sided hanging sleeves ? 
will the sleeves fit digi-paks ? 
what is the height of the case ? 
how fine can you make the threads ? 
can you steam the vegtable a little bit after making spirals or will they fall apart ? 
does this spiral slicer work with any other veggies ( or fruits ) besides carrots and zucchinis ? 
where is this product made ? 
does it make wide flat slices ? 
what are the dimensions of the box the slicer is in ? 
exactly what chemicals materials are these sheets made of and from what country are they originated ? 
is this only one sheet or a multi-pack ? 
does it fit for a bigger size person ? 
if i ordered today would i receive by thursday june 12 ? 
is this apron one size fits all most ? 
do you have a child size in this apron ? 
how hight is it ? 
would it be okay to put a tv that is around 55 '' on top of it ? 
how wide is this dresser ? 
how deep are the drawers ? 
what is the width inside the cabinet on right ? 
is the back black ? 
can you please send me some measurements on the shelf ? 
what kind of wood is it made out of ? 
does it need to be put together or does it come intact ? 
what size is the boat ? 
what size is it 
what color is the table 
is it made of wood ? 
is it easy to put together ? 
what size is it ? 
is this in color espresso ? 
what is the difference between the elite and the standard models ? 
can this be used with a tempurpedic mattress ? 
can i attach a headboard and footboard 
do i need extra hardware to attach a headboard to the frame ? 
has anyone had physical activity on the frame , not just sleeping ? 
does capser mattress work on this frame ? 
are the gaps in the bars small enough for a memory foam mattress , or should i add in some slats ? 
is this lucid linenspa 10 '' mattress a firm or plush mattress ? 
fan 
can you put stuff on top of it ? 
how many quartz elements ? 
41 lbs is not portable to take downstairs to cellar office ? 
whats the warranty 
can you tell me the sizes in inches of the 2 smallest indents ( meaning the diameters of pots that it would fit ) ? 
will this fit my contour sauce pans 
does this steamer fit the 77-7 chef 's classic stainless cookware set ? 
can i steam a 6lb whole chicken in it ? 
can you confirm if the model number printed on box is model # 8080 ? 
does this fit on primo-branded bottles ? 
does it work on glass bottles ? 
does it fill containers fairly fast 
how high does it extend above the top of the bottle ? 
does it cool the water or just pump it ? 
does it work with glass bottles ? 
does it filter fluoride out of the water ? 
what are the measurements ? 
do i need a box spring too ? 
is this bed hot to sleep in ? 
the demo and review videos on youtube for the bsb530xl show a `` quad '' s-blade for chopping , but this photo looks like a standand s-blade ? 
does the breville all in one processing station come with a base for all the items to be stored on ? 
does it handle pie dough ? 
what is the warranty period for the all in one processing station ? 
does it work on a us plug , i believe i read somewhere it was a uk plug and needs a converter for use within the us 
will the potato masher make smooth mashed potatoes ? 
what is the watts on this hand blender 
is this really solid black or some type of espresso dark brown wood grain ? 
can someone please tell me how wide the middle shelf section is ? 
would it be possible to assemble the stand without the glass doors ? 
how many inches high ? 
are the shelves in the compartments with glass doors adjustable or is it possible to not install them to accommodate an item that is 14 '' tall ? 
how tall is it you should specify 
where are the screws ? 
are vents adjustable 
how many degrees does the oscillation pattern cover ? 
what are the measurements of the front grille through which the air passes ? 
how wide is the base 
is this a good fan for someone who needs some noise when they sleep ? 
how loud is it ? 
is this easy to use ? 
kenmore 
what accessories come standard with this unit ? 
do you have to hold down the trigger to turn the brush off while on hard floors , or does the trigger lock ? 
soy milk 
what can you do to get milk hot 
does it sit on a base or does it plug directly into the wall ? 
where is this unit made ? 
how long doe it take from start to finish ? 
dishwasher ? 
what is the volume ( how many cups of milk i can heat in one time ? ) 
what are inside dimensions ? 
is the glass clear because in the pic it appears to be almost black ? 
do remotes work through glass or do you have to open door ? 
how easy to clean is chef 's choice 6800001 ? 
can you please tell me what is the tab thing that sticks out below the handle ? 
how fast does the water boil ? 
does it automatically shut off when the water gets to boiling ? 
how do you clean the mineral deposits on the inside stainless steel bottom of the kettle ? 
bottom inside is glassed ? 
what is the depth of the skillet ? 
what 's the inside and the outside diameter of the base ? 
what lid fits this best ? 
it is not clear if it comes with a cover the product detailed information talks about it but its not clear ? 
is this 18 10 stainlessteel 
can two of these be stack together to make it taller ? 
can it hold liquor bottles ( vodka ) or just wine bottles ? 
can i just purchase 1 or 2 extra wine shelves to add to my existing rack ? 
since these shelves are adjustable , is it possible to assemble the unit so that the overall height would be shorter than 34 '' high ? 
how tall is the unit ? 
does it come with any accessories ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
will this go under a 6 '' high bed ? 
hi what paperwork do we need to take this in for a tune up yearly ? 
can it work under japan voltage ? 
does this one kill the mold ? 
does this work well for reducing fragrance smells in the air ? 
does it have a remote ? 
does this capture vocs like acetone or abs plastics ? 
will this allow a slight swivel from left to right of the tv ? 
will this hold a 60 inch tv 
what are the dimensions of the shelves ? 
are the shelves adjustable ? 
does this have a temperature indicator ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the size dimensions of the towels inclued ? 
is this machine washable ? 
does this work well ( not slip off ) on memory foam mattresses , specifically an 8 inch twin ? 
is it urine proof 
is this a bag or just a mattress pad that goes over the top and sides of the mattress ? 
what is the difference between this one & amp ; the premium of the same brand ? 
is this polyurethane free ? 
do i need bed sheet over this mattress protector , or this product could be used as a sheet ? 
is this fitted that i can tuck at the corners ? 
what do you need to vacuum seal mason jars ? if you can . 
is this a rechargeable i am trying to figure out the difference in this model and this one and this : http : www.amazon.com waring-pvs1000- ... 
what is the difference between the pvs1000 & amp ; the wpvs2000sa ? 
can this be used for large vacuum bags ( for clothes ) ? 
will it blend ice cubes ? 
does it blend frozen fruit , kale , some ice for a smoothie ? 
which is the newest model , the cuisinart csb-75 smart stick 2-speed 200-watt immersion hand blender or the cuisinart csb-76 smart stick 2-speed 200-wa 
csb-75- i do not see the warranty listed in the ad- how long is the warranty ? , the csb-76 says 3 years i can not find any listed on this page 
does this have auto shut off ? 
does it come back on immediately if you unplug it and plug it back in , or do you have to hit the power button again ? 
does it have a filter to replace ? 
how hard is it to clean this ? 
can you turn the light off ? 
have misplaced instructions , how do you clean this ? 
what is the tank capacity of this product ? 
how many ounces does each decanter hold ? 
how many ounces does each decanter hold ? 
how much liquid does each decanter hold ? 
is the flat surface of the shelf 5.25 inches or 3.25 inches ? 
are you able to paint this mantle ? 
can this be mounted on a brick fireplace ? 
where are they made ? 
hi , when you place these in the microwave , do the handles get hot or heat up at all ? 
mug tree ? 
is the foam topper folded with the mattress when the sofa is not being used as a bed ? 
tell me about the mattress.thickness etc . 
where can i get replacement carafes ordered ? 
are the pots and filters dishwasher safe ? 
does it support 110 v or it is only 220 v ? 
where is this made ? 
does this model have `` pause and pour '' feature ? 
does cucina pro double have an automatic turnoff 
are the carafes glass or plastic ? 
can i use paper filters 
do they have metal decanters to replace the glass ones ? 
were can i get replacement carafe for the 9910bp 
is the fabric stain resistant ? 
how high is the back of the chair , floor to top of back ? 
how tall ( inches ) are the 4 legs ? 
how wide is the chair ? 
what is the height from floor to top of arm ? 
what are the inside seat dimensions of this chair -- between the arms and front to back ? 
how long did it take from the time you ordered and the time you received this chair ? 
how many ounces of liquid can it hold ? 
does it actually say nikon on it , or does it say nican ? 
does this cup `` zoom '' and is it truly nikon branded or is nican ? 
i ordered my product on the 18th of november and it was shipped on the 23. it still says that it will be anywhere from december 18th and mid january ? 
does it come with a bag to carry it around in ? 
which generation is this mug ? 
has it steel internal gears or plastic one ? 
does it come with set of 3 sausage tubes & amp ; adaptor ? 
is this actually a 2.6 hp motor , or is that just the `` rating '' ? 
what are the dimensions of this grinder ? 
which is the voltage ? 
can this work with 220-240v 50hz electricity ? 
will it remove cigarette order ? 
how does it work 
does it remove pet dander ? 
what are the dimensions of this mattress ? 
anyone know how many gallons this california-king waterbed mattress holds ? 
where was it made ? 
would this work as a soft side replacement ? 
is it easy to remove install the liners or will i be cursing every time i take the laundry down to the washer ? 
size 
is there a physical barrier between the two compartments , or is the division only from the two linen bags ? 
where is it manufactured ? 
sturdy enough to sit on ? 
i have a metal bedframe , will it work for metal frames or is this only for wooden frames ? 
would adding this frame provide sufficient support for split queen box springs ? 
does it fit king bed 
is this to be used with existing side rails to take the place of the center support or does it take the place of the rails and center support ? 
does this canister set have seals ? 
where is this made , listing only says imported . 
what is the measurement across the total top 
what is the overall width of the desk 
how far does the keyboard tray come out from the desk ? 
will a 27 inch monitor fit and clear the raise printer platform ? 
what are the dimensions of the slideout kb m shelf ? 
what are dimensions 
how is it at blending chia , flax , and oats ? 
does this item require the drive socket kit , or will it fit the vitamix as it is ? 
does it blend as much food as the vitamix 64 oz ? 
can you store the blades inside the unit ? 
does this work on beets and all sizes of vegetables ? 
can i use just one at a time or do i have to use both tiers ? 
will the valve come off easily while in use 
is this glass or plastic ? 
is this 3 different juice compartments or just 2 ? 
if i purchase this item today and have it mailed to a us address , will it be able to arrive by this thu absolute latest friday ? 
what 's the third tier for ? 
if i buy two can stack 3 together ? 
is it dishwasher safe and bpa free ! 
what is the liquid capacity of each tier ? 
can you get flavored drink mixes ? 
how do i replace the co2 adapter didnt come with my flavorstation 
what comes with the primo flavorstation model 110 ? 
where can you buy flavor syrups ? 
what does this kit include ? 
do you ship to hawaii ? 
does it filter out flouride ? 
what size is this product and how much water does it holdl ? 
how often should the filter be replaced ? 
is this product bpa free ? 
where can i buy the replacement filters ? 
does the bed require box spring and mattress ? 
are you able to use a box spring with this frame ? 
does the buzzer auto shut-off or manual shut-off 
does this do a good joib on soft boiled eggs ? 
does this cooker automatically shut off when done 
with an automatic shut off 
how long does it take to cook 7 hard boiled eggs ? 
airtight 
are the lids glass or plastic ? 
are these containers stackable ? 
does brown sugar stay soft in these containers ? 
are the lids flat so you can stack them on top of each other ? 
are these canisters dishwasher safe ? 
what are the dimensions , if you do n't have a ruler or tape measure , how about comparing it to a standard sheet of paper or a dollar bill or something like that ? 
just want to know the size of it 
is it made of stone ? 
exactly how much liquid volume does each cup hold ? 
what is the diameter of the cup at the base ? 
is it made of metal or plastic ? 
will it hold the keurig k-cup packs ? 
will this hold travel cups 
does this storage drawer hold the taller travel mug sized vue cups as well as the regular size cups ? 
does the keurig vue fit on top of the stand is it strong enough for the vue to sit on it ? 
does it fit the vue500 ? 
does this have a non skid top where the coffee maker sits ? 
does anyone know why the shipping times are so long ? 
how many of the travel mug size vue cups will this hold ? 
how big was the shipping box ? 
what size is it 
does this machine have aluminium parts ? 
how many cups a day make ? 
does the ec50 take pods ? 
plastic 
how to clean e50 ? 
does it come with a sharpener 
is the wood block actually this nice dark brown as the picture shows ? 
are the steak knives straight or serrated blade ? 
are the handles on these smooth like plastic or do they have a rubbery feel to them ? 
are these guaranteed bought recently dropped one and shattered in to 3 pieces 
any recommendations for how best to sharpen these ? 
are any of the knives serrated ? 
how big are the snowflakes individually ? 
can i use this for jello mold ? 
do you know what temp these are safe up to when using in the oven ? 
homedepot is selling these right now for $ 17 ... is this price for a set of two ? 
is the top removable ? 
on your website it says they are sold in sets of 2. so it is $ 28 for one or for 2 ? 
why is amazon charging almost twice as much for these ? 
does anybody know if these bottles fit in the large compartment of a goodbyn lunchbox ? 
what is the height of the bottle with the cap on ? 
is there a spout or do you drink from an open top once the cap is removed ? 
what is the diameter of these bottles ? 
is it leak proof if left on the side ? 
do these leak if put in a lunchbox ? 
do they sweat if you use ice in them ? 
what coffee do you like 
does it work with 220v ? 
is it plastic 
i read a review on this nespresso which stated that `` ... .love that the pods are reusable ... '' has anyone had success with that ? 
can this machine use nespresso compatible pods from other manufacturers such a hiline ? 
does this come with any coffee pods ? 
does shipping really take 17-28 business days ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
do these shower curtain rings rust ? 
i plan to use this on both a weber 22 1 2 '' kettle and 18 wsm , how much do you open the top damper to set it and forget it ? 
what is the max cook time can expect on an 18 '' wsm @ 225 to 250 using briquettes & amp ; lump 
is this usable on weber kettles with the one-touch setup ? 
will the iq 110 work on a vision kamado-style grill ? 
how long is the warranty on this unit and where is the unit made ? 
will this fit on a kamado joe ? 
does this replace a box spring or do you still need a box spring ? 
can this be used without a box sping i have a simple low wooden platform bed with wooden slats 
how many of the slats do you get for the price ? 
what height adjustment is available on those legs ? 
how much weight can the slats support ? 
how can you make this popcorn taste a little more like movie theater popcorn ? 
how does the popcorn taste ? 
does it work with 220v or only 110v 
what is the finish size 
how do you get the popcorn out of the machine ? 
volt plz ? 
do have to pay to get the popcorn ? 
can you use this outside for a birthday party 
why is it that some of the popcorn didnt come out it just moved around in the hole.. am i suppose to heat it up longer or what so it will pop all out 
how much popcorn does it actually pop per use ? 
is the product come with candle ? 
how do i install this filter to my faucet ? 
which model of the ultracab replacement filter is suitable for this filter ? 
how many filters core candles do the filter come with ? 
i would like know how often it requires changing filters ? 
does this filter eliminate flouride from the water ? 
does this product filter out nasty smelling sulfur from well-water ? 
does this remove all beneficial minerals ? 
how long does it take to filter the water from empty ? 
what are the seat measurements , front to back and side to side ? 
so which dimensions listed ( 28 x 25.5 x 33 inches ) correspond to height , width , and depth ? 
what is the seat height from floor to top of seat 
has anyone been able to find this fabric to make matching pillows ? 
how can i get this chair shipped to kauai hawaii ? 
does the chair come in the box or as a 1 piece ? 
is it hot ? 
does it have a cover 
what are the measurements of mattress ? 
do you ship to singapore ? 
what are the dimensions of this queen size and is it ferm 
i have a really stupid question ... ..which side goes up ... .the memory foam or the other foam 
does it come compress in a box ? 
how many labels total are in this package ? 
where are these made ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
are these still made in japan ? 
does it comes with a spoon , like bento lunch jar ? 
where do i get the soft case to put a 4 tier box into ? 
what is the best way to keep food cold ? ice pak , ice ? thank you 
is the inside of the container plastic or stainless steel ? 
why are these plastic containers not microwave safe 
how long does the food stay cool or hot ? 
where is it made 
what are the dimensions of the individual baskets ? 
soap holder 
does each basket adjust individually or do you have to adjust all 4 baskets together ? 
what are the dimensions of the individual baskets ? 
does the caddy use suction cups , if not how does it stay secure ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
will this caddy work with a standing-only ( not hand held ) shower head ? 
are these trays bpa free ? 
where are these made ? 
how tall are they when stacked on top of one another ? 
odor free ? 
when filled with water ( not ice ) , can they be stacked ? 
are these ice trays the same as the `` rubbermaid easy release '' ice tray ? 
do they stack ? 
what `` non standard '' battery does it use ? 
has anyone verified this with the canon xa25 ? 
seller , please answer : will this work with a zacuto z-finder evf and a bmpc 4k ? 
will this work with a zacuto z-finder evf and a bmpc 4k ? 
will this work with a zacuto z-finder evf and a bmpc 4k ? 
will this work with 23.976 fps ? 
what is the difference between the regular soda stream and soda stream dynamo lx ? 
are the bottles glass or plastic ? 
can you use any kind of juice instead of syrup , ex bottled cranberry juice ? 
does it taste the same as pelligrino ? 
how do you remove the co2 canniter so i can replace it ? 
what flavors of syrup come with the dynamo lx deluxe mega pack ? 
does salt come in it ? 
how does this work with the coarse grey celtic sea salt ? 
is salt that comes with grinder sea salt ? 
how to refill 
what is difference from this model and oxo good grips salt grinder ? 
can u use peppercorns in it instead of salt 
will a 13.3 inch tablet fit in it ? 
does anyone know if the gogo pillow will hold the ipad while it is in the ipad case ? 
does this fit a kindle fire 
will this fit the ipad air ? 
will it fit a nextbook 8 ? 
will it fit inside the pillow while contained in a case ? 
will it fit a 10 inch toshiba ? 
does it come in chevron print 
does it come with the backpack ? 
is it machine washable ? 
is it made in china ? 
need to now exactly what main colors are ? 
do the shams come with it ? 
i need measurement of full queen quilt and the king quilt 
what is the difference between mc701 and the mc703 ninja 3 in one cooking system 
do these work on both 115v and 220v ? 
what are the dementions of this table ? 
is table assembled 
does this piece have a charging station for electronics 
why does it say free shipping but when i go to check out it charged $ 22 ? 
what size is the sauder carson forge side table 
where does it open to put water ? 
how do you put the water in ? 
what is the maximum square footage that this heater will heat ? 
what is the warranty ? 
is it an infrared heater ? 
can this heater be painted white without problems ? 
what size cups does it hold ? 
what is the height of the pad the coffee maker sits on ? 
does the keurig rivo fit on the stand ? 
what are the dimensions of the pad that you put the coffee maker on ( l x w ) 
could you use this machine to sell snow cones at a basketball game ? 
how many sno cones would one 10 lb bag of ice cubes make ? 
does this product produce fine , smooth ice with no large chunks or pieces ? 
how long does it take to shave the ice before you can use it and how long will it last once shaved before using it ? 
are these metal or plastic blades ? 
how much ice does it hold ? 
does the machine have metal blades ? 
i need measurements of the inner and outer size of the rings 
size of ring 
what is the inside and outside diameters of these rings ? 
can you tell me if the charger that plugs in the wall is rating just for 110 volts 60 hzor if it is rated for 110-220 volts 50-60hz ? 
does this thing have any attachments to narrow the opening etc . 
is this a good vaccum for the car ? 
what is the point of the led lights ? 
is it all leather or a mixture of fabrics 
how far back does this chair recline ? 
does the massaging mechanism make it uncomfortable to sit on when massaging not in use ? 
is this chair available in red ? 
do the arms have storage space ? 
is it wood or metal ? 
what is the true width of the unit..it says 79 x 0.8 x 69.8 inches in the product description.. 
does it come already assembled 
what is the wattage on your mixer 
does this come with dough hooks ? 
does this mixer come with more than the 1 set of beaters pictured ? 
what 's the model number ? 
does this kitchenaid mixer come with stainless steel beaters ? 
how many watts does this mixer have and will it mash a large bowl of potatoes or thick cookie batter ? 
does it work in thick cookie batter 
how long is the warranty on this mixer ? 
are these magnets foodsafe ? 
do the jars have plastic inner lids for shaking ? 
could i use it with gum paste or fondant ? 
about how big is the flower its self ? 
hpw many spices do you think this rack would hold ? 
what are the external dimensions ? 
could this rack hold a small to medium mason jar ? 
could this be spray painted another color ? 
can this rack be mounted on inside of a cabinet door ? 
will the simply organic spice bottles fit ? 
will my spice shakers that are 2 inches in diameter ( on top ) and 4.5 inches high fit in the bottom two tiers ? 
does this item have an auto shut off ? 
does it cook rice in small amount 
how do you roast in the multicoker 
maximum temperature 
is it possible to just toss in a chicken to roast and do nothing -- meaning , not drain or change temp , just come home 8 hrs later and eat ? 
does this truly grind nixtamal fine enough for proper tortillas ? 
i 'm looking for a stone plate not metal ... what 's this one 
the description says 5 inch hopper ... is this 5 '' in height or circumfrance ( around ) ? 
how many inches approximately can this grinder clamp on to ? - providing the 2nd picture with clamp is accurate 
will it course grind corn for chicken reed . 
is it stone ground ? 
where is it made ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
rust 
is the inside enamel ? 
incl 2 sets reusableultra-microfiber cleaning pads 1 set buffing pads 1 set reusable scrub brush attachments carpet glide attachment floor protector 
my friend had a haan steamer and it also had a wand to clean shower walls does this too ? 
has anyone used the haan on laminate floors 
does it clean grout 
how long is the cord on the haan ss-20 ? 
does this come with any accessories ? 
does it come with the remote control ? 
can you use essential oils in this humidifier ? 
does this unit turn off automatically if it runs out of water or does it just beep ? 
how do i turn off all the beeping sounds ? 
what are the dimensions of the objecto hc12w ? 
in a small apartment sized living area , does it need to be moved to convert it , or does it sit back against the wall ? 
when it 's in bed mode , what is the height from the top of the mattress to the floor ? 
does all components come in 1 box and you have to assemble , or does it come already assembled and i just have to put on legs 
my daughter has a pretty small bedroom and wants this instead of a bed ... is it good enough for a teenager to sleep on nightly ? 
i have recieved this sofa and fitted the legs but i am not able to make it as sofa and can you please help me with the instruction on how to make sofa 
is this futon sofa bed is it made with individually wrapped inner spring and cotton and polyester material or what is the inside made from ? 
what 's the difference between the optimus u-31002 and optimus u-31001 ? 
does the opening where the mist comes out rotate to direct where desired ? 
what kind of water should i use ? 
how big a room does it work in ? 
does this hold 1.5 gallons of water like the title says or 1.11 like the description says ? 
can i place this humidifier on a wooden floor ? 
how do you know when to refill it ? 
how wide is the showe curtain bar 
do you have to dismantle the rod to change the curtain ? 
how far out does this rod arc past its ends ( i.e. , how much elbow room is gained ) ? 
can this be adjusted to fit a 56 inch space ? 
would this product work for a 58 '' span ( 5 ' implies exactly 60 '' , but it says the aluminum is flexible ... ) ? 
how to choose green color ? 
what is the diameter ? 
how many ounces does the mug hold ? 
is this washable 
what is the color of bed skirt ? 
what color is the leaf pattern and flowers ? 
is the red on this comforter a true red or more burgandy ? 
do the buckets come with screens ? 
what is the size of the buckets ? 
can it accommodate 6 persons ? 
what is the thickness of the glass ? 
do you have a buffet server that matches this set ? 
are the chairs real leather ? 
is this a 48 inch table or 54 inch ? 
please , tell me the weigth of this comforter . 
is this set reversable 
is it deep pockets ? 
is this bedspread washable ? 
can the baking mat ba used for food other than pastry ? 
can it be used for casseroles and baking cake or brownies ? 
how thick is this mat ? 
can you use metal utensils ( spatula ) on the mat ? 
has anyone else had issues with this mat giving off an odd smell while in the oven and also leaving a weird taste to whatever is baked on it ? 
where is this item manufactured ? 
medium or firm ? 
what is the warranty 
is this different then the premium pillow ? 
how did you fluff up your pillow , no instructions with mine . 
is the pillow white ? 
how to wash 
what is the diameter of this warmer ? 
has anyone used this for goat cheese ( to prepare finger food on biscuits ) ? 
are the sheets completely cotton or is there some microfiber . 
are these 00 % cotton ? 
how thick is the mattress pad ? 
does the bed fold normally with the pad in place ? 
can you or do you leave the topper on the mattress when the bed is folded into the sofa and doews it hold snugly onto the mattress ? 
will my sofa bed sheets still fit if i use this mattress pad ? 
are the legs , ladder and rails removable to convert the loft to a regular bed ? 
how high is the bed ? 
if i want this shipped to blaine , wa how many days will it take ? 
what are the dimensions of the 2 boxes ? 
is it deleverable to europe ? 
can you use it as a regular travel mug without the leaf filter if you just take it out ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
can i drink from the mug -- or do i have to pour into a cup ? 
where is it made from ? 
is there any plastic part that will touch the water , like plastic cover around the mouth of the mug , and are they removable ? 
the interior is stainless or coated ? 
is it sold in china ? why the cup 's out packing i receieved in chinese ? 
why does the cup have labels and instructions in chinese ? 
is it bpa safe ? 
can you close lid without filter 
is there enough room underneath for a second mattress and another child to sleep ? 
can the ladder and the slide be switched ? 
what would be the appropriate age range for this bed ? 
the manufacturer recommended weight limit is 160lbs but is that including the weight of the mattress ? 
how large an oven is needed for it to fit inside and cook properly ? 
i would like to know if your product is bpa free plastic..fda approved and if its made in the usa ? 
is the cooking process the same if i 'm cooking fettuccine , macaroni , or other types of noodles ? 
does this cook rice ? 
how does this product do with cooking gluten-free pasta ? 
is the plastic safe to microwave ... bp ? -free ? 
is this curio the mahogony dark colored , i already purchased one from you beautiful , want another 
what is the color of the wood on this curio 
what is the color of wood , if i would get 2 do you combine shipping ? 
what size is it , how wide , deep and tall 
is it just the ( one ) two row insert for $ 13.65 or is there more than one included ? 
looking for a users manual for this scale i bought from costco . 
how do i change my weight from kilogram to pounds 
reg 9 vold battery wound fit were could i buy a battery for the scale 
does this iron tend to drip during use ? 
does the iron have constant steam when ironing or just when you push the steam button ? 
how long until the auto shut off kicks in when it tips over ? 
does it have dual voltage or only 110v ac 
does this have auto-shut off ? 
how many watts is it ? 
how well does the vertical steam work ? 
is it durable and have longevity 
what are its exact measurements ? 
can the unit be inserted to dry wall ? 
can you flush mount in the wall ? 
what is the sq ft covrage 
what are the dimension of the firebox excluding the bezel ? 
are the vents located on the front of the unit ? 
does this product come with line set ? 
how big a room will this cool ? 
was this unit precharged with coolant ? 
115v ac ? 
does this unit include all of the hardware and copper line set ? 
does this include line set ? 
does it rust ? 
can this be used as a hand lotion dispenser ? 
does anyone know if the sponge holder can be removed for easy cleaning ? 
how long does the batteries last on an average ? 
what the dimensions 
would this work with `` foaming '' soap instead of traditional liquid ? 
what are the sizes ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
can you use this product with induction heat ? 
will this set withstand 400.f in the oven ? 
do the shelves have a lip on the front to keep the trains in place ? 
length and with 
size 
is it waterproof ? 
what is the little cloth square for ? 
what size sleeping bag can this handle ? 
where is it made ? 
may have missed it , is this dishwasher safe ? 
is this the updated or original lid design ? 
how much does it hold ? 
how do you clean the lid of the keurig contigo travel mug ? 
how do you clean the lid of the keurig contigo travel mug ? 
what is the height ? 
how narrow is the interior of the mug ? 
does this bed squeak ? 
does the frame accomodate a headboard ( are brackets included for connecting headboard ) ? 
is there a way to connect two twin size frames ? 
what 's the weight limit for the twin ? 
can the legs be adjusted on the bed frame ? ... thank you 
what are the dimensions of the product ? 
is this leak proof when food items like soups are filled in it ? 
can a whole apple fit in it ? 
is this bento microwave safe ? 
how long would food stay hot in these boxes ? 
does this have a non-stick finish ? 
is this made in france ? 
what is this made out of ? 
how long does it to warm ? 
any benefits between straight vs curved model ? 
can i use this as a drying rack as well ? 
how much electricty does it use a year on average ? 
anyone have experience with hydronic and electric towel warmers and the pluses and negatives of each ? 
are these safe for a glasstop stove ? 
is this a made in america product ? 
are these pans compatible with an induction cooktop ? 
can you use any cleaning material to clean to exterior of the pots or pans when it starts accumulating grease especially at the botton 
can this cookware be used in the oven ? 
do these pans need to be seasoned ? 
have viking 6 burner gas cooktop , will your pans not develop hot spots which shortens pan life and creates food to stick on the cooking surface , 
is the set 100 % cotton , sorry i not familiar with the term egyptian 
what size as these fitted sheets 
does the fitted sheet have elastic all the way around each side ? 
where were these sheets manufactured ? 
the picture makes the sheets look very shiny , are they actually that shiny ? 
which size do i need my matress is 180cm by 200cm ? 
does this model have a `` hold '' to allow reading the weight after a large item is removed ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how deep is it ? 
what are the dimenstions ? i need a 36x80 and 6 inches deep . 
is the cover machine washable ? 
can you purchase a frame to elevate it ? 
has anyone tried putting two of these together to make a double futon , and do they stay together ? 
does a twin size sheet fit on this ? 
does it tie together when folded 
are there any storage containers for the shikibuton ? 
if i order a barrel today ( 12 7 ) can i get it before christmas ? 
can i get a barrel that is not toasted on the inside ? 
is there any way i can get this by the 27th , 8 days from now ? 
how many spaces are available for customization , for example could i put 3 letters for initials and then below it est 10 18 14 ? 
can i have it by next friday 4 11 engraved ? 
what size motor 
does this appliance knead 
does this item come with the attachments ? 
how well does this unit work with the grinder and sausage stuffer attachments ? 
can i use it to make fruit cake without crushing cherries ? 
this product is for venezuela ? 
what size are these when folded ( want to know how much suitcase space will they take up ) 
would these be able to take the weight of a wet damp t-shirt , or light jacket ? 
what is the size of the hanger when open ? 
will it work for deep mattresses ? 
can you use an electric blanket with it ? 
can you put a cotton sheet over earth sheet 
would nellie 's nls all natural laundry soda ( powder ) work for washing these sheets . 
what if you have a twin size mattress ? 
what is the pound density of the memory foam ? 
could you tell me density of matress ? 
- what are the dimensions of this item ? 
who makes the base bed frame shown in the photo ? 
does it have latex in it 
is this a good matress for a side sleeper ? 
can a lucid mattress be used on a single size adjustable bed 
what is the weight ? 
what are the dimensions of the table and how tall are the chairs ? 
does the espresso stain have a strong chemical smell ? 
what is the max weight for the chairs ; i want it for my 4 year old twin grandsons ? 
is this table good for a 6 yr old ? 
does the espresso stain have a strong chemical smell ? 
if any of you had to do it over again would you still buy this one , or opt for the 4 square 
what is the wattage ? 
how do you clean the waffle plates 
are the waffles crispy on the outside and chewy in the inside ? 
does the handle stay cool ? 
where is this product made ? 
can this grinder be used to grind quinoa or millet into flour ? 
is this a blade grinder ? 
does it include flip jack batter pitcher , recipe guid , 8 '' orgreenic non-stick fry pan ? 
is this a deep enough pan to make veggie omelets 
can you cook to fry an egg then to flip it to cook the top side of the yoke with out the yoke breaking ? 
are the handles oven safe ? 
i wonder how good it would be to cook quesadillas in ? 
does this work on convection cook top ? 
how do you season these pots and pans ? 
what is the size of the pan ? 
does it make a basic cup of coffee ? 
can it use the keurig pods 
does it make single shot of espresso ? 
can i use the capsule from starbucks ? 
what are the measurements ? 
i 'd like to know the voltage and frequency . 
what are its dimensions , especially height 
is the bottom made of mesh like the sides ? 
does this filter fit the bunn bt 10 cup coffee maker 
is this coffe filter compatible with oster 3302 ? 
will this be able to handle the water flow of a 13 cup commercial bunn-o-matic smart wave coffee maker ? 
what is maximum expanded diameter 
what materials 
is the mesh in this filter stainless steel ? 
will it fit bunn coffee makers 
is this genuine cowhide or a printed faux fabric 
how ca i return this cowhide pillow 
what are the measurements ? 
does this same cabinet come in white ? 
what is the color of the faux granite top ? 
does it come in 22 inches heigh 
how many regular size bath towels can this hold ? 
would like to know what the warrenty is and return police . 
what 's the electrical 110 or 220 . 
how loud is it ? 
how is the exhaust installed . 
what are the total dimensions for the product ? 
where can you get replacement blades ? 
how big a potato can you cut ? 
can you use this electric motor with the b2b 220 food strainer & amp ; sauce maker 
does the strainer still have to be attached to the counter with the screw when the electric motor is used ? 
which stainless steel screen comes with this vkp250 sauce maker ? 
will it fit a norpro 1991 saucemaster ? 
i am from australia and amazon wont ship the motor to here , any clues on how to get this motor to australia 
anyone know the shaft rpm ? 
can you use this to make peanut and almond butter ? 
so the motor and strainer together is $ 54 or is the strainer $ 51 and the motor $ 54 ? 
if you twist or pinch the silicone does the color turn to white ? 
does the box have to be mounted to the wall or is it capable of sitting on a counter top ? 
is this paintable 
will a two inch straightener fit in one if the holes ? 
does this come already assembled ? 
what sizes are the holes for the flat and curling iron ? 
in the pic the cords are rapped up nicely in the box , but how do you pull out the curling to use it if the cords are rapped around 
thread count ? 
is the plaid black and white 
what are the colors that make up the plaid design ? 
can i anchor it to the wall to prevent tipping ? 
is this listing just for the ladder or the whole unit ? 
which vendor on amazon marketplace sends the best quality shelf ? 
is it able to turn 360 degrees 
is this held down on the table with screws or just sits there 
can you attach this to a board for further stability 
does it have wheels underneath ? 
would this work on a 42 inch tv ? 
i have an samsung un40h5203 40-inch 1080p 60hz smart led tv & iuml ; & frac14 ; & # 140 ; should i buy the 12 inch or higher & iuml ; & frac14 ; & # 159 ; 
will this tamper fit a delonghi ec860 ? 
can a different-diameter base be fitted to the handle ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
is the 51mm inside diameter or outside diameter 
will this tamper fit a delonghi ec155 ? 
is this good for a krups 972 il primo expresso maker ? 
tamp for silvia rancillo 
will this tamper fit a krups xp1500 machine ? 
will this fit the portafilter for a breville 830 ? 
will a twin wide work on a regular twin size bed ? 
will it fold up with the bed when not in use ? 
is this real dense memory foam or is it closer to the spongy side ? 
do you have queen size and how much 
what size whole is needed for the screw to fit through 
it appears that the stems are approx 6 '' in length ; do you have any that are 3 '' or 4 '' and have more than 3 tiers ? 
do you have any tiered cake stand fittings that can be glued instead of screwed in ? 
is this product bpa free ? 
can these go into the freezer then to the microwave ? 
will this product leak liquids if put on its side ? 
are the fans quiet ? 
initially , in what direction do the fans blow air in relation to the black frame ? 
can these be used with a speed control ? 
do you have a matching black , perforated grill to be used to draw air into an enclosure , with this fan being used to push air out of the enclosure ? 
will these fans bearings work well when verticial air flo up , as im want them for air flo behind an rv refrigator , thanks don 
can it work with 220-240v and can it come with a british bs-1363 type ? 
does the bench fit under the desk ? 
i purchased one of these vanitys but it did not come with instructions how do u install the mirror 
is it made of complete solid wood or is there some particle wood in the construction ? 
what is the height , width , depth of vanity and stool ? 
how deep are the sides of the pad ? 
is this thick enough for a futon to add some extra comfort and fill in the gap so you wo n't feel the divider when folded down flat ? 
will this fit on a 8 inch thick mattress ? 
does it come with the skirt ? 
is this something you drink out of or pour out of ? 
define bottle 
can you use it for loose leaf tea ? 
would this work well to flavor olive oil or vinegar or vodka ? 
is there a rubber case that can be ordered for this glass water bottle ? 
my glass had a clean break at the top and i was wondering if you would sell a new glass part only ? 
do you need a box spring for this if using a gel foam mattress ? 
how many boxes is it shipped in ? 
so with the slat kit , can you use just a queen sized memory foam mattress with no box spring ? 
what is the height on the sides ? 
are there legs under the center of the bed ... can i store a single mattress underneath ? 
can this be used with a sleep by numbers bed ? 
does the color look black or brown ? 
do any of the drawers acommodate hanging file folders ? 
what is the overall dimension of the desk ? 
how wide is the area for the chair ... ..from edge of cabinet to support leg ? 
filters 
are the cutting plates interchangeable for different sizes ? 
it says a potato up to 6 '' long but how fat around ? 
where do i order different plates 
does this slice potato for scalloped potatoes 
does this make shoestring size fries ? 
are the suction cup feet available separately geodf 
does this work for sweet potatoes ? 
how far is the bottom of a 60 '' tv from the floor when mounted on this tv stand ? 
does the tv mount swivel 
is it a free standing tv stand or is it anchored to the wall ? 
how are the spacers for the mounting brackets constructed and how many are included 
you can put a tv 46 '' on this ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how much noise does this model 's fan make ? 
hi , can you run the heater without the fireplace flames ? 
what is the height if i remove the casters ? 
can christmas stockings be hung on the mantle or will the heat burn them ? 
what are the measurements 
how noisy is the fan or how quiet ? 
how loud annoying is the flame effect motor noise ( the motor that rotates the reflectors - not the blower ) ? 
is it lightweight suitable for summer ? 
is this coverlet the type of bedding that no top sheet is used ? 
can it be tumble-dried ? 
is the price for 2 pillows or one pillow 
is the color a teal turquoise on the back ? 
is this a outdoor pillow ? 
is it possible to build the unit and leave off the top portion which holds the tv ? 
can it be built without putting the glass doors on it 
can you fit a chunky a v receiver in any of the glass sections ? 
what is the height of the upper shelf ( sound bar location in the photo ) ? 
are the glass panels easily removable if there is an ir issue with remotes ? 
do you have to assemble this ? 
are the legs ( feet ) wood or plastic ? 
is this black or a very dark brown 
what is the height and interior shelf depth ? 
my av processor is 7.5 '' tall , is the shelf adjustable or fixed ? thanks 
can the doors be taken off once assembly is complete ? 
are these sheets microfiber 
are these sheets microfiber 
if softer than cotton , have high thread count for little money , have cold wash , like colors , take out of dryer promptly are they made of `` modol '' ? 
in the photo the fabric is very reflective , do the sheets have a cotton 'like ' sheen similar to the picture ? 
does this bento box leak , meaning does it have a good seal ? 
what are the dimensions of the bento box ? 
how well do normal sandwiches fit ? 
does it come with the elastic ? 
i have had 2 bento boxes for almost a yr and didnt use much but somehow both the boxes hav a big crack on top of the lid in center , is it common ? 
can these be left overnight in refrigerator and or the freezer ? 
i would like to know the pole dimensions so i can determine the plate weight and sizes that can be used ? 
do these tarnish or scratch easily ? 
are the components metal ? 
i overlooked that the plates were not included , where can i find specialty plates for these post 
i overlooked that the plates were not included , where can i find specialty plates for these post 
i overlooked that the plates were not included , where can i find specialty plates for these post 
did the cake plates come with the product ... because that 's what i 'm expecting ? 
is there a difference between the cooks standard nc and the multi ply cooks standard ? 
where are these made , country of origin ? 
do these have measuring guides on the inside of the pots ? 
are the lids also made of stainless steel ? 
are the lids glass or stainless steel ? 
do any of the lids fit on the frying pans ? 
do the lids also fit the frying ( saute ) pans ? 
is the bicycle black or brown ? 
if i were to purchase stuffing to go inside instead of a pillow , would that work just as well as an actual pillow ? 
can these be used outdoors ? 
are these just covers for pillows or are they actual pillows ? 
do these come with the pillow insert , and if not , is it possible to buy them from you as well ? 
i also am interested in what size pillow the cover will fit on . 
is the bottom of this pan flat or is there a lip ? 
does it work well on a gas stove ? 
can you cook steaks on this grill ? 
can this going the oven ? 
how do you remove sticker ? 
is this griddle dishwasher safe ? 
will this work on a ceramic stove ? 
what 's the difference between this `` advanced '' model and the regular one ( except $ 10 and a free spatula ) ? 
will this work on an induction cooktop ? 
does distilling the tap water remove flouride ? 
does the waterwise 9000 have a stainless steel condenser or an aluminum condenser ? 
where is this product made ? 
is it oven proof ? 
are the sides higher than usual , which is what i want ? 
is loud popping sound normal..not sure what is happening . 
is loud popping sound normal..not sure what is happening . 
is the diameter mentioned that of base or the top ? 
how can it be induction-ready if it 's aluminum ? 
is the handle designed not to hold water ? 
is this pan dishwasher safe ? 
is this vacuum safe to use on hardwood floors or carpets only ? 
what does it weigh 
will this work well on medium pile shag carpet ? 
i have bare floors , 2 cats that shed and get litter everywhere , does this pick up cat hair and litter ? 
what kind of popcorn does it use ? 
is it stainless steel inside ? 
does it use jar popcorn or do you need a packet ? 
does it stir automatically , or do you have to turn the crank ? 
does it sit on a kitchen counter while in use ? 
how many kilowats of electricity does it use ? 
does it leave any unpopped corn or it pops all the corns ? 
can you make glazed popcorn . 
are these really stainless steel or are they aluminum ? 
where are these manufactured ? 
what are the sies of these bowls 
what grade stainless are these ? 
what does remanufactured mean and how does it compare to the brand new version ? 
how many horse power does it have ? 
does the refurbished one come also with a one year warranty ? 
how loud is it ? 
is there a warranty included in this price ? 
is there a warranty with this remanufactured unit ? 
will this fit under a small desk with a 16 '' opening 
will the wheel scratch wood surfaces and or granite ? 
how wide is the diameter of the bottom ( wheels ) 
could this chair be assembled without the back ? 
will the width of the wheel base fit into a spot just a little wider than 16 '' ? 
how far from wall is needed 
is this chair for a petite person.mom is 4.10 inches and 160 lbs 
is this chair available in wine color 
is there separate operation buttons for the foot and the back of the chair or if on moves they both move ? 
is this genuine leather , bonded leather or faux leather ? 
is assembly required ? 
can i bleach them ? 
can i wash them in hot water ? 
are the wheels removable ? 
are there any plastic parts that come in contact with the heated water ? 
is the heating element enclosed so the inside bottom of the kettle flat ? 
how many cups does it hold ? 
what temperature does it heat to ? 
i purchased this kettle , and it turns out this is a `` brentwood '' what makes it different than the other brentwood 1.5 liter kettle ? 
does it fit model # 6700 
does this product work well on leafy veggies ? 
how many rpm ? 
do i have to peel the oranges ? 
where is it made ? 
how large is the feed shoot ? 
is the paper smooth or does it have a texture ? 
we use these sheets to photo cake , does not lose its shape when printing with edible ink ? 
date of expire ? 
do you sell these by the 100 in grade 0 ? 
can you use this for making party invitations would it be able to go on a printer or is this only use for cooking 
what grade paper is this please ? 
how deep ? 
how deep is this pie plate ? 
where are these made ? 
what is the outside width of this pie plate ? 
how deep are these pie plates ? 
what type of glass are these made of : borosilicate , soda lime , or something else entirely ? 
how deep is it ? 
is it real wood or glue together saw dust ? 
how much weight could this hold ? 
does this come pre-assembled ? 
dimensions 
is this white or cream in color ? 
what is the width of the table ? 
can this product be used with sugarveil to make flexible edible lace ? 
could this be used to make impressions in warm sugar art ( like suckers ) ? 
can sugarveil be used for these stencils ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what color is it , golden or taupe ? 
does it come assembled 
in how many pieces is this chair shipped ? 
what are the dimensions of the chaise lounge length , width , height 
is the bottom partial board ? 
can the middle divider be removed to store a larger item that is more than 22 inches ? 
will this work for broken spring on back of chair as well as seat 
do you need a special tool to install the new spring or can you do it by hand ? 
how do you attach the clips for a seat back ? 
i have a lazy boy rocker recliner that was purchased in the year 2000. one seat spring is broken and it measures 19 inches , do you have a spring . 
what makes this different from the epica tm accupro digital kitchen scale in quality ? 
can it weigh postage ? 
what size calibration weight does it need ? 
about how many regular size cupcakes will this hold ? 
how much space is between the bottom tier and the top tier ? 
do the tiers come apart so you can use them as two separate pieces ? 
will i be able to put a round cake on the top layer without the center post showing ? 
what is the weight of the cake stand for postage 
is it revolving ? 
can i use the lower tier by itself , attach the top handle too ? 
are the clear beads made of glass or plastic ? 
can you separate both tiers and just use the bottom tier ? 
what is the actual size of the cake plates 
can any tell the size of the bun wells , i am looking to make 5 '' buns , thank you . 
heading indicates `` bun pan '' ( one ) ; product description says set of 6 pans ... which is it ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
is it non toxic coating on pan 
what size buns does this make ? 
what is the measured length ( or height ) of this item ? 
can this work in the keurig 2.0 
how do you use this filter 
will these fit into the keurig k10 mini brewer ? 
will these fit the k75 unit ? 
are these filters the longer size or the typical size that comes with the filter housing sold by kuerig 
will these fit the k 45 ? 
how do you use this filter 
do the bottles interchange with sodastream ? 
will this bottle work with model cuisinart sms-200 
is this a glass bottle ? 
will these work with a sodastream ? 
how do you clean the cuisianrt beverage bottles , 1-liter ? 
does this bottle fit the css-100 ? 
does this fit over your shoulder to carry 
is it foldable , portable ? 
what are the measurements 
does it rotate ? 
can i cook a 5-lb chicken in this oven ? 
does the chickens need to be all strussed up with buchers twine & gt ; 
is it hard to clean 
what are the demensions other than the height ? 
can you cook a turkey in this rotisserie ? 
can you cook a 15 lb turkey in this ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
are these sturdy enough to stack two or three on top of each other ? 
are the cells large enough to hold ladies belts ? 
what is the dimention of each cell ? 
when the heater reaches the temp you selected does the fan shut off along with the heater 
how low can you set the temp . 
what color is this unit ? 
would keep the whole room warm 
how many cfm ? 
what kind of squre footage will it cover 
is this the lift stand style ? 
how large a doughor batter can this handle ( how many pounds cups of flour ) ? 
are all the beaters and dough hook stainless steel ? 
what is the model number for extra trays , screens and fruit roll trays ? 
is this bpa free ? 
how loud does the machine run ? 
how easy is it to clean the trays ? 
what is the usable depth of the trays ? 
does this come with a cookbook ? 
how do you hang this picture ... ... what do you put it on ? 
is the total width somewhere around 4 feet ? 
is each piece 24 '' ? 
this is not truly cotton is it ? 
are these sheets truly 1500 thread count ? 
if softer than cotton , have high thread count for little money , have cold wash , like colors , take out of dryer promptly are they made of `` modol '' ? 
what is the ply for these sheets 1 or 2 ? 
i searched all over i could not find comparable synthetic fiber sheets like these for more than $ 39.95 ... where are the $ 39.95 sheet sets sold ? 
i searched all over i could not find comparable synthetic fiber sheets like these for more than $ 39.95 ... where are the $ 99.95 sheet sets sold ? 
what size batteries ? 
can you wash the cover ? 
my pillow will not turn on do you know why 
my pillow stays lit for one round of color changing , about 2 seconds not 15 minutes , is there a way to fix this ? 
does it come in the as seen on tv box ? 
will this hold the 8 '' chefs knife ? 
will the knife block hold a cleaver with 7.5 '' x 3.25 '' blade ? 
what are the widths of each slot ? 
dimensions 
dimensions ? 
what are the dimension measurements ? 
can you stack these ? 
does it come with slats or other support system to support a mattress without a box spring ? 
how much weight can it support ? 
does bed have four legs plus two more in center of bed frame 
where is it manufactured ? 
what size is it ? 
what are the internal dimensions of this cooler ? 
glass internal shelves ... how many and how thick ? 
will the inside shelves hold a roll of toilet paper ? 
is the mirror hinged on the left or right or is it reversible ? 
how many interiors shelf are there , and what are they constructed of ? 
would this be just the mirror is showing and no protruding body ? 
does this cabinet have piano hinges 
the actual size of the mirror ad frame ? 
is this 110v only or is it a 110-240v device ? 
does it cook brown rice 
what are the dimensions in inches ? 
how long does it take to cook the rice ? 
does it steam the side dish contents , or just warms them ? 
hello , could i cook my steel cut oats in this ? 
what is the highest temperarture it go up to ? 
whats the oil liters capacity for each tank ? 
is there a warranty ? 
what type of plug does it have , my existing fryer has that weird three prong plug with the one that is flat and perpendicular to the other two ? 
does this fryer have a drain catcher how do you clean ? 
where was this ( cuisinairre dual 6-liter commercial restaurant grade stainless steel dual deep fryer , 6-liter ) made ? 
is it large enough to fry funnel cakes ? 
can we leave the dates off ? 
what is this made of ? 
can the slide be put on either side ? 
is this bed too small for a 9 year old ? 
can i put a bed under neath it 
will this hold an 8inch deep mattress ? 
is it an option to take the slide off or does it have to have the slide on it ? 
does this item come with curtain like the picture 
it is cute 
how tall is the clearance under the bed ? 
would this mount well on the cabinet door under the sink ? 
is the depth from the wall to the front of the bar 2.5 or 4.2 ? 
can the paper towel roll fit over the end of the bar or does the end piece have to be unscrewed ? 
since bathrooms can be steamy and humid , can this be used in there ? 
just curious , will 2 rolls of toilet paper fit on the bar ? 
are the installation screws included in the this holder ? 
even though it says `` wallmount '' , is there any reason why the holder could not be mounted under the cabinet ? 
can it be mounted under a cabinet instead of on the wall ? 
can this be used with an adjustable bed ? 
will this ship to alaska ? 
is there any option that can be added for setup and removal of the old mattress ? 
what is the size of this butter dish ? 
where is this dish made ? 
where is this butter dish made ? 
is the head aluminum or stainless ? 
what is the head size of this tenderizer ? 
how much does it weight ? 
is is dishwasher safe ? 
where was it made ? 
is one of 4 sides flat besides the top also what is items weight and head size 
if i wanted to put other food other than salad that required microwaving is this container okay to use ? 
is this product dishwasher safe ? 
is freezer gel included ? 
what is the capacity of the salad container ? 
is this item paba free 
is this product bpa free ? 
can you tell me the dimension ? 
if i wanted to put other food other than salad that required microwaving is this container okay to use ? 
what are the measurements of the item ( length ; width ; hieght ) ? 
what is the size of the king ? 
do you have twin sizes ? 
what are the measurements of this king size bedspread 
what are dimensions for king size ? 
what is the weight of this bedspread ? 
can anyone tell me how this machine makes just a regular cup of coffee , and how many ounces per pod ? 
can you use off the shelf k-cups in this machine or only the pods supplied by starbucks ? 
can you use a coffee or espresso pod twice ? 
is assembly required ? 
is this sofa big are small size 
do the pieces all connect together or are they separate and simply sit side by side ? 
dimensions and what power supply ? 
can the heater be installed in the bathroom ? 
does this unit restart automatically after a power outage ? 
is it programable 
can it be placed near tvs ? 
can this heater be allowed to run 24 7 and unattended ? 
is this wet grinder tilt ? 
can this use a 220 volt power source ? 
does this product comes with basic warranty ? 
can it be used to knead atta for chapatis 
how long can this grinder run before it overheats ? 
anyone tried grinding minced meat for kabobs ( for sheekh or shami ) ? 
do we know the motor speed for this grinder ? 
im getting some smell while running this grinder , why ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how do you get the k cup out if they stay in so well ? 
so ... is the brand mind reader or keurig ? 
how wide is it ? 
would this provide 'sealed ' storage for the non-keurig brand pods that have a mesh bottom ( to keep them from being constantly exposed to air ? ) 
how tall is this product ? 
will the self-locking system work on dolce gusto pods ? 
did anyone order this and have the headboard missing ? 
im slightly confused on this does this come with the mattress , and if not would this bed frame be suitable for a 10 '' lucid memory foam mattress ? 
how difficult is assembly ? 
does the dark espresso look like black or can you see some brown ? 
how many boxes does this come in , im missing alot of parts 
hi , i love the mid -firm , but my husband may need firm , do you have the same exact mattress but firm ? 
can this mattress be used with an adjustable base ? 
can this bed be used with any queen bed frame or only the one that goes with it ? 
in what country was the mattress made ? 
does this mattress need a box spring if u buy the frame that goes with it ? 
do standard queen size sheets fit this mattress , or will it require purchasing a deeper sheet ? 
is it electric 
can i carry soup in car without it spilling 
is this just a warmer or is it a cooker also and is it electric ? 
how much it weights ? 
what is the voltage input ? 
does its head lift up to add ingredients ? 
what is the warranty with this machine ? 
what is the wattage on this mixer ? 
what is the warranty 
does a 7 quart bowl also fit on the 6 quart mixer . 
can this use on 220v ? 
one query -- & gt ; is it ok for three adults ? 
is a cover provided for the folded mattress to keep it folded while in transit ? 
what sized adult can comfortably sleep on this bed ? 
what size is the mat ? 
does anyone know the density or the foam ? 
are these sheet cotton or polyester.. i need sheets for my grandson that are 100 percent cotton since he sweats so much.. 
is the twin sheet 100 % cotton ? 
what does it mean by training twin sheets ? 
is it 100 % cotton ? 
how much weight does it hold ? 
how wide is the hook ? 
how far out does the hook project ? 
which measurement is the height and which the width ? 
are these external-dimension-equivilent to the old 96 quart snap toppers ? 
do you get four of the totes for the 64.97 
what is the mesurement between the bolt holes . 
i was hoping that someone might know the rated load limit ? 
does this come with all the hardware 
how tall is this swivel base ? 
does this or another model fit a chair with 9 '' x 12 '' bolt pattern ? 
i have a recliner which is not swivel , and need to add a swivel to the present recliner ? 
what is the height of the product ? 
does the bowls center hole ( for the attachments ) have a low lip or a lip that goes to the top of the bowl ? 
what do you suggest for shredding a lot of cabbage for church dinners ? 
will it shred 25 lbs of cabbage without over heating ? 
will this unit mix things very thick like cookie dough ? 
does this set come in full size not queen or king 
does this come with the shams ? 
would this need a bedskirt , or would a king size one hang to the floor ? 
where is this bedspread made ? 
what is the weight capacity ? 
does the lid open to 90 degrees or only as pictured 
what 's the weight capacity ? 
can the bun feet be removed ? 
what are the dimensions of the inside storage capacity ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
the dimentions 
are the nailheads silver or gold brass toned ? 
will it work on induction cooktops ? 
can you put these in the dishwasher ? 
is it normal to have discoloration on inside of pots ? 
can i stack the pots ? 
how heavy are these pots 
will a magnet stick to it ? 
can this be used on an induction stove top 
does it keep coffee hot and for how long ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
does it say cannon 
can it fit in the cup holder 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
do they chip easily ? 
how big , what is the capacity of the cups , is it 12 0z ? 
can you tell me what country they are made in ? 
are these oven safe as well ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
is the design raised or smooth ? 
are these microwaveable ? 
is this a lime green color or a sage 
hi just want to check before i buy that this is black white and grey 
is the color white or cream ? 
range of the thermometer temperatures 
what is this made of ? 
is this the thm-379 model that is highlighted in shopsmart by consumer reports ? 
so this thermometer can stay in the meat in the oven for hours on end ? 
can it display in celsius ? 
does this have a probe cover included ? 
is this a humidifier and air purifier 
is the humidifier and air purifier easy to fill 
could you tell me it free voltage or 110v only ? 
is it quiet 
is it this product ( lw15 ) available for 220v,60 hz in korea ? 
is there a detailed description of the size of the pots and pans 
does this particular series work with induction cooktops ? 
are these non stickn pans ? 
is this pfoa free ? 
are these pans lighter than the multiclad pro stainless steel pans ? 
are they induction cookwear ? 
do they have real copper or they are just copper tone colored pots ? 
are these oven safe ? 
do the lids for the pots fit on the frying pans ? 
i 'm wanting to put it over my stove to replace my convection microwave in motorhome , any concerns with heating up of the unit - ventilated ? 
how many amps does it pill and can a 15 amp circuit handle the oven ? 
is the fan loud when using the convection or roast function ? 
is the barrel re-useable ? 
can this barrel be personalized with initials by chance ? 
what are the dimensions of the barrel in height , diameter in middle and width at bottom top ? 
are these barrels flamed out ( charred on the inside ) ? 
does this 1liter barrel dispense 
is this good for scotch or only tennessee whiskey 
does it come with the spout and top cork ? 
does this memory foam topper get hot ? 
what is the color of the topper ? 
what are the dimensions for the queen and king size versions of this mattress topper ? 
what is the density of this mattress topper ? 
how much weight do the chairs hold ? 
is this just the table or does it come with chairs 
what are the dimentions of this table ? , please 
how much it cost for just the 4 chairs ? 
are the legs polished or brushed stainless steel 
is this product come with everything that are showing in the picture 
what is it made of ? 
what are the measurements for this entry table ? 
my mailing address is po box do you send to to po box ? 
what happen to $ 99.00 harley davidson stools ? 
how tall will the seat go up & amp ; down 
is the seat adjustable ? 
what is the weight limit of this stool ? 
is the back removable ? 
can you get just seat and back rest need six of them 
can bags be reused ? 
do clothes come out wrinkled ? 
do pillows fluff back up to normal size ? 
are the bags resusable ? 
what kind of vacuum can we use with it ? 
i have a king size comforter , would that fit in one of the bags ? 
can you use a shopvac with these instead of a normal vacuum cleaner ? 
is it difficult to get the burger out of the press after it has been formed ? 
what material is this made of 
what 's the diameter of the finished burger ? 
can you make thin patties as well ( like 1 4 inch ) or is there something that would restrict how thin they could be made ? 
does it come with a recipe book ? 
can you use this to make stuffed sliders ? 
is there a video somewhere that shows how to use the 3 ways of using the cuisinart 3-in-1 burger maker ? 
what is it made of ? 
what is the size difference between the burger press and the slider insert ? 
can you put these in the oven ? 
do these nest with the lids on ? 
are they truely airtight and spill proof ? 
what are the dimensions of the containers , including depth , please ? 
are these freezer safe ? 
are the lids also made of glass ? 
can you freeze in these containers ? 
can you make french frys from scratch in it or only conveience foods ? 
does this product have the extension ring as does the silver one on the same page ? 
is there a recipe book ? 
does a 1300 watt fryer have to have a dedicated electrical wiring outlet ? 
can you roast vegtables such as carrots , califlower and broccoli ? 
what is the largest size turkey in lbs will it cook ? 
what does this come with ? 
i ca n't get the big boss oil-less fryer to cook anything , what am i doing wrong . 
will breaded food still be crispy for instance fried chicken and fried fish ? 
what is the thickness of this board ? 
when using the cutting board do you get line marks of scrapes from the knife while using it ? 
are these boards dishwasher safe ? 
what is the color of the legs ? 
is the seat constructed of springs , or is it padded wood ? 
are the legs on this chair black or espresso ? 
does the leatherette hold up ( no cracking ) and is the seat still firm after time ( not sunkened ) ? 
i need to know if these chairs are frost white or cream white ? 
what is the dimension of the bottom , if it is as listed it will not fit on my fish cooker ? it appears the bottom is narrower than the top ? 
has anyone tried this on an induction cooktop ? 
does the dutch oven lid have a handle ? 
are king kooker products made in the usa ? 
how many cups does each section hold ? 
do the bins snap lock together when stacked ? 
are the containers bpa free ? 
is this bpa free ? 
are the bins microwave safe ? 
can it hang under a falt screen tv ? 
where does the heat eminate fom ( top , bottom , or sides ) ? 
can it be install in a bathroom wall 
where i s the electrical outlet located , back or side 
can you have the flames without the heat ? 
does it use a wall socket 
does this have a remote control 
will this fit an oster bvcb07-z ? 
will this fit oster model # 6838 ? 
will this jar bottom also fit a regular mouth mason jar ? 
will it fit an oster model bccg08 
where is it made ? 
how do you make non dairy yogurt and how do you make thick yogurt ? 
am i able to make yogurt from almond milk ? 
what are the dimensions of the jars ? 
ok once i turned on the maker will the light blue always stay on and the hr light blinks until time is up ? 
does this come with a yogurt starter ? 
does the timer count down 
are the jars glass ? 
what is the length of this slip ? 
what is the waist size ? 
is the hoop removable ? 
what are the dimensions of the interior and pestle please ? 
is this large enough to crush a avocado to make guacamole ? 
would this grind grains and nuts ? 
is the label on the pestle removable ? 
where is it made ? 
how tall is the table surface from the floor ? 
what are the dimensions of the desk , especially width ? 
besides the desk and `` l '' shape unit , are there any other pieces one can purchase for this set ? 
is there an additional part for adding a monitor shelf . 
does 27 '' imac fit on this desk 
is the back of this chair fabric and the seat leather as the picture shows ? 
hi could anyone tell me what the width of these chairs are thank you brian . 
what dining room table matches these chairs ? 
how big is the opening that holds the bed post ? 
will this acomodate the base of my bed legs that are 3 '' ? 
are these stackable to make beds even higher ? 
will it work with this bed : http : www.amazon.com dp b001r5yu9o r ... 
can these be used to elevate the box spring ? 
how well do they work to support a king sized bed frame ? 
can you use these to raise the height of furniture 
would these fit a typical dorm room twin xl bed ? 
how does this come packaged ? 
do you make the pizza on it and then place it in the oven or do you make the pizza on a peel and slide it onto the already hot stone ? 
how thick is the stone ? 
does this machine have a warranty ? 
does it come with a cover 
how do i clean the rollers ? 
i brought this without a manual , does anyone know where i can get this 
it keeps blowing fuses when i turn on the heater what is wrong with it 
my rollers have stopped turning , what do i do ? 
is there a dust cover for this item when not in use ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
do regular k cups work in this model ? 
can you use k cups with it ? 
how much is the v1gold solo cup ? 
coffee taste weak 
can you get a replacement brew head for the 500 
water leaks out on counter ? 
does the 500 make more 3 settings for size 
is the lcd touchscreen illuminated or backlit in any way ? 
can you drink from it ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
what is it made of ? 
is this cup microwave safe and dishwasher safe ? 
how many ounces does it hold ? 
can i put it in the microwave ? 
how can i get my company logo on a mug like this ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is this insulated ? 
can i get this mirrored ? 
does this filter fit the zd-010 10-cup water pitcher ? 
how many months doest it work by one filter ? 
does it replace all pitchers 
how long does each filter last ? 
why did the company change to a bullet shape filter ? 
how many are in a pack ? 
how many come in a package ? 
how many come in a package ? 
is each piece 12x16 , or is the entire thing 12x16 ? 
is the dementions 12x16 or is it closer to 8x10 like the customer 's review says ? 
is it worth to buy ? 
it says 12 '' x16 '' x3 pieces , but the image says overall it 's 12 '' x36 '' that math does n't work ... ? 
do i need to dig holes on the wall ? 
alot of negative review but its # 1 best seller what gives ? 
why are the dimensions so skewed in your display pictures ? 
is it ready to hang the minute it arrives ? 
is this customizable ? 
does this leak ? 
is the barrel charred on the inside ? 
can this be shipped to alberta , canada 
is the barrel charred on the inside ? 
is this made in the usa ? 
does this fit the 600 watt nutribullet magic bullet version that is just over 4 '' in diameter 
does this fit the bl450 900 watt pro ? 
can it be used with the ninjua professional blender ? 
does the blade unit include a gasket or do i need to buy it separately ? 
does the cross extraction blade come with a side `` warning '' sticker plastered to it . 
how many ounces are the tall and short cups ? 
does the magic bullet cross blades fit the nutribullet cups 
does the blower head pivot 360 degrees like the 4900 model ? 
how long is the power cord ? 
does anyone know the power consumption on the different settings ? 
is it dual voltage ? 
is it possible to lock fan outlet in one position so that it does not swivel ? 
how many k-cups does this hold the title said 54 but product info said 32 so which is it ? 
how many watts does it produce . 
what is the difference between a whole room heater and space heater ? 
does this have a remote control 
can this be used as a regular fan without heat ? 
is it cool to the touch 
how tall is it 
are these mugs glass or plastic ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
do they come with lids ? 
can these be stored in freezer or limited to several hours ? 
how do you get them together with out everything falling out ? 
do two come in the pack or do you need to purchase another and put the two together to make a spherical bath bomb ? 
do these chairs come in one piece ? 
is 20.5 the width or depth ? 
are these easy to clean ? 
what color are the legs and what is the weight capacity ? 
is the fabric have a yellowish hue to it ? 
is the lid oven safe as well ? 
is this made of bonechina ? 
are the corningware french white pieces broiler safe ? 
is this made in china ? 
what are the dimensions of the inside , bottom of the dish ? 
is this lead free ? 
is the lid microwave safe ? 
will it fit in a toaster oven ? 
can i bake in the iii oval casserole at 350 f ? 
can you bake in oven with cover on ? 
does this 1.5 qt casserole with glass cover have handles 
dimensions 
what are the baking temps ? 
can you give dimensions on the curtains ? 
is this the set or just the curtain ? 
what colors are in this set ? 
is there black in the mosaic border of this shower curtain ? 
does this set come with a window curtain ? 
do you have bronze 3 piece towel set and bronze tooth brush holder 
are there seams around each of the cups or are they molded out of a solid piece of metal ? 
where was this mini muffin pan made ? 
where is this muffin pan manufactured ? 
what country is this product made in ? 
do you have a 4 in diameter springform cake pan ? 
the use and care instructions and the 5 year warranty address are unreadable , can you please post these two items ? 
up to what oven temperature can this muffin pan go ? 
who much weigth have ? 
it 's hard to tell by the pictures but are the drawer fronts flat or curved ? 
is the color of this picture pretty true to actual color ? 
does the drawers have divided spots for better organization or is it just open drawers ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions 
can i stack one on top of another ? 
what are the materials used to make the bookcase ? 
i see they are adjustable , but is it tall enough for standard 3-ring binders to sit on each shelf ? 
is the aluminum core only on the bottom of the pot , or does it run up the sides of the pot in the same way all-clad stockpots do ? 
where is it manufactured ? 
can this be put in the oven to be used as a dutch oven ? 
what is the diameter of the pot ? 
what 's the difference between this stck pot and the 766-26 chefs classic besides the former being induction compatible and a bit more expensive ? 
dimentions - height & amp ; width 
can i just put a cup instead of the carafe to get coffee ? 
is this is made in china ? 
how long does it take to heat up from start to finish ? 
does this have a two or three prong plug ? 
where are the control 's located ? 
does this have a fan and how quiet is it ? 
will this work in the uk with the right adapter ? 
does it plug in or is there just a built in heater for it to work ? 
does this heater have an automatic shutoff component ? 
how far from the wall does this heater need to be when it is operating ? 
what dimensions ? 
what is the height and width of this bed ? 
what is the width of the open space underneath ? 
i see the ends can be changed , but i 'm looking to buy 2 of these for one room , can ladder be attached to either side of the dresser for mirror effect ? 
is this bed `` reversible '' can the three drawer end and the single drawer end be swapped around so that it can face the other way ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
are they odourless ? 
how big are they 
do they float ? 
what liquid is used inside the cubes ? 
so the actual wine glass inside the tumblr does not come out ? 
are these bpa free ? 
can these be washed in the dishwasher ? 
how many ounces do each one hold ? 
will these glasses fit in standard cup holders ? 
do they come packaged together or individually ? 
can these be personalized ? 
do these come out of the packaging pre-filled with wine ? 
are they see through or are the contents concealed ? 
where are they made ? 
what are the dimensions of these bags ? 
how many bags are there in a package ? 
where is this mattress made ? 
does it fold into a sitting position ? 
what is the mattress cover fabric and what is the color of the cover fabric ? 
does the cord exit at the back of the toaster , or the front ? 
are the bdots opposite the ntoaster selection suppose to light up ? 
does this toaster beep ? 
does the outside of the toaster stay relatively cool ? 
does bagel function only toast the inside of the bagel , also when not using bagel function does bread toast properly ? 
what is the chemical emitted that causes the `` burning plastic '' smell from this toaster ? 
is there an estimate of its weight capacity ? 
what is the table top size and the height ? 
what are the dimensions of this desk ? 
is there any kind of warranty period ? 
does it fit purell 5392-02 advanced instant hand sanitizer foam , 1,200 ml tfx refill ? 
can i use purell 5456-04 advanced instant hand sanitizer , 1,200 ml tfx refill ( case of 4 ) as refill for it 
can this be used for liquid soap ? 
am i correct in assuming that you do not get any hand sanitizer product included with this dispenser unit ? 
what 's the battery type on this thing ? 
is there a green gel ( with aloe ) part number for the purell 1928-04 dispenser or is the ony one available the clear gel ? 
can i use gojo 5161-03 1250 ml luxury foam handwash as refill for it ? 
dose this unit fit the stand # 2425-dstfx 
is this model the petech ? 
does this product also sharpen knives with serated edges ? 
does it scratch knife surfaces ? 
since i do not own wusthof knives , is this still aq better model than chef 's choice 1520 or others ? 
is this 110 or 220 volts ? 
how about surrated knifes ? 
how long will the honing and stropping wheels last in this machine , and are replacements available ? 
is this product for all knives or just wusthof knives 
what are the dimensions of thr jars ? 
what are the spices included ? 
would this be a good rack for essential oils ? 
do you sell this without the spieces ? 
how many ounces do the jars hold ? 
dimensions ? 
is it also available in white ? 
what are the length of the beaters ? 
how much is it weight for a machine include all attachment and box ? 
this product free volt ? 
is it cordless ? 
does it come assembled ? 
what is the size of this cabinet ? 
is it lockable . 
is the back of the cabinet finished as well ? 
what are the dimensions of the cabinet when opened 
what are the dimensions of the cabinet ? 
are the shelves in the center removable adjustable ? 
can anyone upload pics of the bar ? 
does this unit have a lock on it ? 
how wide is the pot ( from one top edge to the other , not including the handles ) ? 
are these stove top oven safe ? 
is a maximum temperature specified ? 
can i use this on an induction cooktop ? 
what are the maximum amount of coffee beans that can b ground ? 
where is it made ? 
does the locks fit a half gallon bottle 
do these locks work for wine bottles ? 
will the 2 qt and 3 qt pans stack ? 
is this pot used for induction heaters ? 
ceramic cooktop 
is the 2 quart pan 's cover made of stainless steel too ? 
what are the measurements of the 1.5 and 2 quart saucepan ? 
can they fit around small burners or are the holes one size ? 
what is the thickness of foil 
what is the length and breadth is it 8.5 ? 
what is the diameter of the hole in the foil pan ? 
what is the thickness of the liner ? 
are the straws dishwasher safe ? 
do you need to use the straw to drink from them ? 
does this set come with straws ? 
can you use them in the microwave ? 
is there only one lid or 6 lids ? 
will this bed take any full size mattress ? 
does it arrive assembled or is it self assembly ? 
does this come in twin and how much is it in twin ? 
is this for a twin mattress or full ? 
is the furniture made of wood solids or veneer ? 
do you have to remove the whole lid and sip it like a cup or is there a built in sipping part that we ca n't see ? 
are there protective sleeves that can be purchased to help protect the glass , like the silicone glass water bottles ? 
how much fruit can this bottle really hold ? 
dishwasher safe ? 
is the cover removable ? 
is the outside cover made in usa or cover and mug both made in usa 
trying to decide between this one and trd0715t looks like the other has a lot of programming , do they both heat th same square footage room ? 
do you think this would be good for an insulated 2 car garage ? 
does this heater have to be cured ( run on high for several hours to burn off stuff ? ) 
what is the cost per hour ? 
what are the differences between the s8990 uniq and the s8390 kona 
is the air exhausted in a perfect vertical column or is there a spread so that if you stand on either side you feel a breeze on your chest face ? 
how long is the cord ? 
why is this categorized as leak-proof if it is not ? 
does it fit in a pack-it 
what are the mearsurements ? 
does this keep food relatively warm , say for school lunch ? 
why do you not disclose that the lid will not fit after the first wash ? 
microwaveable safe ? 
can you take out the divider in the top piece so you have one large compartment instead of two small ones ? 
what is the total volume of food that could fit inside ? 
what kind of light bulb should you use ? 
how does this attached to the houseing does it have the nut under the light bulb in the center ? 
what are the dimensions on this cover ? 
does this include the light fixture as well ? 
what does grille and lens assembly attach to ? 
voltage 
hello , this can be shipped to you in singapore ? 
hi will you ship to the uk ? 
what else can you cook 
does it have to be plugged in ? 
is it a two pin or 3 pin plug ? 
love this piece and the size is perfect , but how hard would it be to paint the wood gold ? 
how long and deep is the dresser ? 
how wide ? 
are the shelves behind the doors removable ? 
is this 100 % egyptian cotton or a blend ? 
are the pockets really deep on these sheets ? 
where are they made 
are they cotton 
do these glasses have visible seams on the sides ? 
do these have the embossed logos ? 
is the word `` pint '' and `` m13 '' printed on the side of the glass ? 
will a guinness can ( 14.9oz ) perfectly fill the 20oz glass if poured correctly ? 
are the glasses dishwasher safe ? 
do these glasses have the numbers in the circle like the ones in the pub 
do you need `` man strength '' : ) in order to use this effectively ? 
does it work for elongated toilets ? 
how to use the rotorooterplunger 
this is for shower drains too ? 
how tall is it ? 
the length of the drawers ( inside width ) x depth x height of this drawers 
what is this made out of ? 
i am having trouble getting the drawers to fit , any suggestions ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is the color blackforest on this product because i 'm trying to buy a set for my kids room which are blackforest ? this one has the hardware different . 
what are the dimensions of this dresser ? 
does it have an option to turn the ionizer off ? 
does this air purifier come with a warranty ? 
what 's the noise level like ? 
what is the difference between this model and the coway ap-1512hh ? 
are shelves on the sides adjustable ? 
will it fit 16 '' deep a v ? 
does this comes as a readymade unit or does it need to be assembled ? 
does this have a 3 prong cord ? 
does anyone know where i can buy a replacement filter for this coffeemaker ? 
does amazon.com sell replacement glass carafe ? 
can you buy a replacement basket ? 
why when i use my coffee maker for the first time i get an error site can not remove that sign 
how do you remove glass caraffee 
where do i find the replacement filters 
does the filter monitor work on restriction detection or an operation timer ? 
does the replacement filter-winix 115115-fit both the 5300 and the 6300 
what is the difference between this and the 5500 ? 
does it come with filter 
does it purify the air in a larger roon than the 5300 ? 
is this product good for dust collection ? 
what does plasma wave do 
what is the measurement from the floor to the first shelve ? 
how wide is it ? 
can this topper be used by it self as a mattress for and rv ? 
what are the shipping dimensions for this ? 
in what country is this mattress topper made ? 
will the topper stay in place using an adjustable bed frame 
want to use this in my camper , does it harden in the cold ? 
useless without shelf dimensions and other specs 
how tall is the column ? 
the height ? 
so what are the dimensions and weight ? 
are they white on both sides ? 
what is the size 
what are the dimensions of the round coasters ? 
what are they made from ? 
what is the density 
does it include a cover 
how about density 
is this topper really cool to sleep on through the night or are the claims marketing hype ? 
can these be cut with scissors to fit a curved wall ( of an airstream camper ) ? 
does anyone find this product too firm ? 
how do you clean this cutting board ? 
can this board be used on both sides ? 
after you have placed your mineral oil on it do you need to clean it off before you use it to get oil off from getting on the food ? 
are the madiera mario batali cutting boards reversible ? 
can you clean this with regular dish soap to disinfect after meats 
can the throttle stand be put on the left instead of right side ( like in the picture ) ? 
hi i know the monitors dont come with the chair but does the yoke and pedals ? 
how do you assemble the seat ? 
up to what size monitors will the stand hold ? 
does anyone know the actual dimensions of the twin size topper ? 
what is the density of the foam ? 
what is the foam density for this mattress topper ? 
how do you classify this mattress firm or medium firm ? 
can you get this mattress on credit ? 
does this mattress fit inside a regular king size frame ? 
does the price include the box ? 
are these stackable ? 
what are the dimensions and the height ? 
does it work with the bunn my cafe single serve brewer ? 
will the k75 platinum fit on this storage drawer ? 
is there a picture , dimensions and price for the tassimo tray ? 
is the drawer divider removable ? 
are the two mattresses included in this purchase ? 
so 2 adults can comfortably use this bed ? 
how hard is this to assemble ? 
do you need an xl twin mattress for the top and a standard twin for the trunde ? 
what is the weight limit for the bed ? 
how do you know it 's safe to freeze in these containers 
what kinds of food can be stored in boxes ? 
are they freezer safe ? 
can you freeze food in these containers 
do you know if this would keep shredded cheese fresh longer ? 
are the green boxes bpa free ? 
are the green boxes freezer safe ? 
does this fit adya ? 
why does my filer look like there is green alge growing in it 
can this fit the zero water 10 cup pitcher 
will this fit in the maxam model ? 
is this the original zen water filter 
does the wood used on these hangers have a `` laquer coating '' on natural color wood ? 
if i order them today how long will it take for me to receive them in scottsdale az ? 
can cast iron be used to cook on an induction cooktop ? 
is it really 12 inches 
is this king kooker cifp12s pre-seasoned cast iron skillet , 12-inch machined on the inside or is it just the unfinished cast iron ? 
are these bags bpa free ? 
will these rolls work in a foodsaver vacuum unit ? 
will these work in a ziplock v102 vacuum sealer ? 
are these for a reg seal a meal ? 
are these bags reusable 
what is the shipping weight of 4 weston rolls ? 
how would you describe the blue color ? 
are the sides solid wood under the fabric , or more tent like ( just fabric stretched over a skeleton farm ) ? 
how easily does it lay flat after being unrolled ? 
where is it made ? 
what are the deminsions of the mat ? 
since it 's silicone , can it go in the oven ? 
can you use this with marshmallow fondant ? 
what 's the size of this mat ? 
does it work for a 9x13 pan 
how long they will keep the food warm ? are they good on melamine serving trays ? 
are these 100 % food-grade silicone ? 
i have a rectangular paraffin wax bath that the lid has been destroyed , a new bath is so expensive - could this lid work ? 
does anyone know if these bpa-free ? 
what size would work on an 8 inch square glass baking dish ? 
does this bucket have separated sections to hold the clean and dirty ( wringed ) water ? 
what are the measurements of the wringer . 
what does 1pc mean , does the wringer come off the bucket for ease of dumping water ? 
our opening is 76 wide and 80 inches in height , would this dorr fit and how many would we need ? 
are the doors wood or plastic ? 
are the side rails solid wood or glue jointed scrap wood ? 
is this a `` made in china '' product ? 
are these forged or stamped ? 
what knives are included in the set ? 
how many ounces is the soap sample packet that comes with the dispenser ? 
is there any way to mount this on a wall , maybe with some kind of wall bracket ? 
the soap dispenser will obviously get wet and wont this affect the charge ? 
where is this made , what country ? 
is this machine stainless steel ? 
can we clean the machine with wet towel then dry it 
can i make tube shapes , like macaroni or penne ? 
which cutting heads come with the machine ? 
can it make ravioli 
can you use it to roll down pizza dough ? 
has anyone used this to roll clay ? 
can you use this to roll out fondant 
can i make the lasagna sheets with this machine ? 
do they have a matte finish or are they shiny ? 
how tall are these mugs and how many ounces of liquid do they hold ? 
are they the right size for a kruig coffee maker ? 
do these get hot in the microwave to the point you ca n't even pick them up ? 
is the surface okay for transferring an inkjet decal onto ? 
i need a replacement glass jug for my 'latteo milk wisp ' , but do not see it listed 
will this fit a grosche madrid 1.5 liter french press ? 
what are the demensions of this craafe ? 
who makes it 
can you drink from it ? 
how much power does this blender use ? 
do you have to hold the button down to use it or is it an on off switch ? 
how long is power cord ? 
how long is the cord ? 
is it bpa-free ? 
is the detachable blade part dishwasher safe ? 
could i use this for kosher or sea salt ? 
is this rust proof ? 
does this have a lid to keep ingredients fresh 
what are the dimensions of the shaker ? 
do these have a screw on top ? 
could you use this product with tea bags ? 
is this manatea one easy to clean ? 
when wil this be available again ? 
is this item bpa-free ? 
what size is this thing ? 
how is this installed ? 
i want to mount this on the side of a kitchen cabinet ( mdf ) - can i use command strips instead of the screws ? 
how long is the auto off function - 2 minutes , 90 seconds , etc ? 
where is it made -- china ? 
can i measure the food in oz 
is it `` microwave safe '' ? 
which part is the freezer tray ? 
what are the dimensions of the box ? 
will the container still be able to be closed securely if i choose not to use the freezer tray ? 
how durable is this ? 
what country are they made in ? 
is it bpa free ? 
is this leak proof ? 
do they make a pink version ? 
what are the delivery options for this item : on a set day of the week , such as thursday or friday ; and , brought up one flight of stairs ? 
is the top of the table a veneer or is it solid wood ? 
can just the bench be purchased if the set with 9 chairs is purchased ? 
is there any way to order extra chairs ? 
is there any way to order extra chairs ? 
what kind of material is on the chairs ? 
is this item delivered in multiple boxes ? 
how long and deep ? 
does the package include screws ? 
how long and deep ? 
how tall is it and does it fold ? 
is this made in the usa ? 
hi - where 's the best place to put the thermometer in the oven ? 
does this fabric have a sheen to it or is it more of a linen matte finish ? 
what brand for best matching sheets greenish blue to match best with this comfort ? 
what are the care instructions for this set ? 
is this oven big enough to cook a turkey ? 
does a 13x9 pan fit in oven 
does this come with racks inside ? 
any chance this comes with 2 racks ? 
can you please tell me the set includes how many pieces ? 
is this for one or two pillow covers and does it come with the pillow ? 
how do i order 20'x20 ' cover size ? 
is this a reflux still ? 
what else is needed to operate the still besides a heat source ? 
when fully assembled how tall is the 10 gallon still ? 
what gage is the copper ? 
can you make whiskey and other spirits with this still ? 
if i bought this would you have to report the purchase to the federal govt . 
it says ten gallons is that how much product you can distill using your copper contraption ? 
does it take out all sediments and smelly water 
do you have a 1 '' in out ? 
dose the filter come with just the filter and the fitting to install on to my pipes 
does it take out smelly water 
does this also come with a hand crank ? 
is there any directions and recipe comes with it because i never made ice cream at home ? 
where is it made ? 
does it have a drain hole near top like plastic version ? 
does this machine require that the canister be frozen for so many hours before making ice cream ? 
the paddle inside canister is not spinning , only the canister is spinning , is this normal ? 
would this stick to a fiberglass tub 
7 pounds ? ... .how many circles are those ? what size are they ? 
can these circles be pulled up to clean or to reposition ? 
how big is it ? 
if i order today when will t arrive 
how long will it take to arrive to western australia , australia if the order leaves friday afternoon . 
is it possible to order the hello kitty cutter today and get it next day on thursday ? 
how big are they-cookie cutter iameter ? 
how long will it take for order to arrive it made today ? 
are the blades serrated ? 
since when are 3 red , 1 purple and 2 black knives rainbow colored ? 
where are they made 
are they made in japan ? 
what are the dimension of the spacesaver ? , i have a toilet that 's high . 
what are the dimensions including depth ? 
does this come in a chocolate or brown like color ? 
space-saving cabinet conceals computer ? 
what is the difference between an air filter and a grease filter ? 
does this charcoal filter fit for whirlpool microwave hood model gmh5205 
how do you replace this filter ? 
how long to these filters last ? 
does this filter fit maytag model mmv5208ww ? 
does it go back in with the grate facing up and out or filter facing up and out ? 
does this filter fir kitchenaid khmc1857 ? 
does this charcoal filter fit whirlpool microwave model mh1150xmq2 ? 
does this charcoal filter fit for jenn-air microwave model jmv9186ws-1 
does it turn move on its axis like a ferris wheel ? 
does it spin ? 
what is the width of the side of the ferris wheel , the triangular edge ? 
what is the maximum height ? 
what is the height you can adjust it to ? 
what is the lowest the top will go ? 
what is the diameter of the table top ? 
how tall is this table ? 
how well does the drawer glide ? 
whats the width and depth of the nightstand 
what are the dimensions of the open space ? 
what kind of material is that ? 
what material this is made from ? 
how tall is the nightstand ? 
what are the dimensions of this sofa ? 
can you tell me if the chaise and sofa attached with some kind of bracket so it does n't move ? 
how can i clean it ? 
can it be ordered in different color fabric ? 
does it comes in different colors ... dark brown 
is cappucino color dark brown or more black ? 
what are the dementions ? 
would this shelf be stable on carpet ? 
can this unit house vinyl albums ? 
wondering if it might be possible to spray paint this another color ? 
does this set come with pillow cases and the decorative pillow ? 
does it fit comfortably a queen size bed or does it fall a bit short ? 
does this bedding look `` tumblr '' in a teenage girl room ? 
1 comforter 2 shams 1 pillow - ''shams '' what 's this ? 
is the colour like the `` tiffany '' blue ? 
is this moe like turquoise in color ? 
how heavy is the queen size ? 
what are the container sizes ? 
does this set have a warranty , like other pyrex glass containers ? 
does the pen to write on the lid have to be a dry erase marker or would a sharpie still come off when washed ? 
can you waive shipping on this item if i buy both ? 
when you go to microwave your food at work- which is n't the best solution , i know , but ... - should you remove the lids and cover with paper towels ? 
can you use these under the broiler ? 
can you take it out of the freezer and put it in the oven without it cracking ? 
do they have any kind of warranty ? 
with a square handle , do these knives fit comfortably in your hand ? 
are these made in china ? 
does it come with a sharpener 
are the steak knives serrated or straight edge ? 
how does it work 
can 2 of these be stacked ? 
does this rack store the bottles at the proper angle ? 
could you mount this under a cabinet ? 
does it hold champagne bottles 
will it hold champagne or pinot noir-sized bottles ? 
what is the warranty on this chair ? 
what color and material is the seat cushion ? 
i need a chair that 's about 26 to 27 inches from the floor to seat area . 
does these come in a set or just one chair ? 
what is the weight limit for this chair ? 
could this chair be an outdoor ? 
does the 43 inch height refer to the seat or the back of the chair ? 
how do you assemble it ? 
after using it one time it jammed and now can not get it un jammed to clean properly ... any suggestions 
is this worth buying 
is it only 3 8 '' i am looking for 1 4 '' 
is this product bpa free ? 
are the mixing blades stainless steel ? 
is it planetary action or is the beater centered in the mixing bowl ? 
who manufactures this product 
what is the thread count on these sheets ? 
includes quilt and sheet set ? 
dimensions ? 
do you have to assemble this your self ? 
what are the legs made of ? 
is it firm ? 
are the cushions reversible , uphostered with the same fabric on both sides ? 
how much does it weight 
i 'm wondering how this item is almost $ 40 cheaper the day after i ordered it . 
what is the weight capacity for this loveseat 
the question about a guard for the blade was really about when you put it away as there is no apparent storage position . 
does this have a crinkle cut blade that is able to cut potatoes into waffle shapes ? 
can i use the food holder to cut small items like brussel sprouts ? 
does it come apart for cleaning 
does it make french fries and does it grate cheese ? 
can you make french fries with this product ? 
does it dice vegetables ? 
what are the thicknesses it cuts , i.e. , 1 8 '' , 1 4 '' , etc ? 
how can we tell the exact color ? 
what is the seat width ( inside the arms ) ? 
does it come in different colors 
does the chair come fully assembled ? 
what is the fabric made of ? 
what are the measurements of this chair ? 
does this product have a glass bowl or plastic ? 
looks small in picture is this a plug in and the size of a air fresher or counter top size ? 
how big is this ? 
how good is it at actually humidifying the air ? 
does it have a light ? 
is it 220 volt or 110 ? 
does it need filters ? 
where can i get recipes ? 
does the kraut kap fit the standard ball wide mouth 1 2 gal jar ? 
will the kraut kap fit on the 21 2 anchor gallon anchor hocking glass jar ? 
are all parts of the lid supplied or do you need to have a band , which is not provided ? 
do you fill the jar up completely with the kraut kap , or do you leave space as you would without one ? 
is there a thermostat , or just 2 heat settings ? 
it shows it with a pink surround -- that is not attached is it ? 
remote control how do you put in battery ? 
what is the size of the actual flame surface ? 
how many horsepower is the engine ? 
would this be a good vacuum cleaner to clean the dust out of my ps3 super slim by running it across the vents ? 
what is the country of origin for this vacuum ? 
why does it stop working after a few minutes of running ? 
it does n't look like it has a hepa filter so does dust just get back into the air ? 
how easy is it to clean ? 
will the bottom shelf hold a standard mccormick spice jar ? 
what is the diameter 
how high does it stand with both trays ? 
how much weight will the top shelf support ? 
is the entire product made out of stainless steel , including the 3 supporter rods ? 
how tall is shelf , empty ? 
how many standard sized spice jars does it hold ? 
does anyone know where the product was manufactured ? 
is it washable ? 
does it really have one fabric on one side and another type of fabric on the other to suit preferences ? 
what is the cover fabric ? 
is it easy to open side to remove half of the beads.. to make pillow thin ? 
is this machine washable ? 
will this work in a recliner ? 
can you wash and dry this ? 
how far back does this chair recline ? 
does this chair also have a rocking motion ? 
would you recommend leaving the chair plugged in to the electricity or is it better to unplug it when you 're not using it ? 
how close to the wall can you put this and still be able to recline it fully ? 
i 'm 6'5 '' , will i fit in this chair ? 
how many people does this seat comfortably fit ? 
was the sectional already treated with scotchguard or another similar product prior to delivery ? 
can you wash the [ paper filter 
it will not pick up 
does it work on bare floor ? 
does it have a brush 
how do you get the twist and snap nose to stay ? 
how long it takes to deliver in the u.s. ? 
what does the set includes ? 
what are the dimensions of the box ? 
are the metal brackets removable ? 
if you remove the wooden shelf , is there a gap in the black marterial in the background ? 
is it g ood to make to make rotis 
can i use the tortilla maker to re-heat corn & amp ; flour tortillas ? 
does this have nonstick surface on the inside ? 
how much pressure does this apply ? 
this tortilla maker work in usa 
could this be used for occasional camping ? 
can 2 people sleep in it together ? 
is it comfortable to sleep on when folded half to make a twin size mattress ? 
what size is it when it is rolled up ? 
how do you clean it ? 
do these spoons have any kind of varnish type of coating ? 
where are these spoons made and what kind of wood are they made of ? 
does anyone who purchased these sheets know where they were made ? 
what is its fabric ? 
will this fit a twin xl ( college dorm ) mattress easily ? 
hi will you be getting any more of the canon 70-210 lens travel mugs and how much did they sell for when you did have them ? 
how many ounces of liquid will this mug hold ? 
are they 100 % cotton ? 
where is it made ? 
what is the thread count ? 
my matres is 12 '' high will these sheets fit it . 
is the light blue aqua color accurate ? 
can i purchase just an extra set of pillow cases ? 
are they clara clark sheets as some reviewers say they received something else 
does it have a port to vaccum seal mason jars ? 
can the vacuum be turned off and only used for sealing ? 
does this model come with the tube to use with the jar attachment ? 
is it work on 220 volts ? 
can the bags be reused 
will food saver bags work on this ? 
does this come with a tube for a jar vacuum 
how much does it weigh ? 
what is the difference between the twinxl and twin reg size wise ? 
fire safety question ... is this topper fire resistant ? 
is it a 5.5 pound density ? 
how many person can sit into this sectional sofa ? 
are the back seat cushions attached ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how many cards does this box hold ? 
will it hold 4x6 divider cards without bending them ? 
are you now shipping to johannesburg south africa ? 
does it fit 4x6 index cards ? 
what are the internal dimensions of this box ? 
what is the width and depth of the area between the file cabinet and shelf unit ? 
is there enough room for a two monitor setup with this desk while still having a good amount of empty space ? 
is back of desk finished ? 
does this desk come with a keyboard tray ? 
is it possible to set this desk up as a left anged desk ( rather than a right as show in the picture ) 
how much does this processor weigh ? 
can you make bread dough and pie crust ? 
can you make peanut butter with it ? 
is this machine has enough power to knead the dough ? 
is the `` s '' blade stainless steel serrated ? 
is the processing bowl bpa-free ? 
how many ounces does the cup hold ? 
does this version have a small hole in the bottom , covered in a silicone rubbery sealing ? 
will hot water shatter it ? 
is there anything inscribed on the bottom of the cups such as a logo or words ? 
is this an aerator too ? 
is the rod stainless steel-sealed all around ? 
is the chill rod stainless steel and sealed all around-tightly sealed and uncrackable , unbreakable ? 
will it fit a 40-42 inch tv ? 
i want to use this for my 55 inch samsung tv , any advice ? 
if i mount a 50in tv is there enough room on shelf for center channel speaker or sound bar on the top shelf and cable box on bottom shelf ? 
if it will fit a 32 '' tv ? 
can you put warm liquids ( such as cocoa ) in these ? 
does this bottles have straw for 4 year old kids convenience ? 
how would you wash these safely if you do n't want to put them in the dishwasher ? 
how many ounces are they ? 
how many watts is it ? 
what is the model number of this kitchen aid mixer ? 
what attachments come with it ? 
what is the model number ? 
would this be a good mixer for mashed potatoes or is electric hand mixer a better choice ? 
are any bowls included ? 
deliver you this product in france ? 
what 's the warranty ? 
what are the dimensions in inches ? 
how many cups in each one 
can you attach to car seat 
can this be used over the headrest of a recliner 
what are the dimensions ? 
is the `` brown '' color a dark brown , or the light beige color that is pictured ? 
is the shape an equal triangle or two sides the same and one different ? 
is the pillow washable ? 
what is the circumference of the middle , narrow part of the pillow ? 
how many ounces ? 
anyone know the dimensions of these containers ? 
do the containers nest for storage ? 
what country are these made in ? 
is this okay for freezer use ? 
does the lid have a silcone seal in it ? 
what are the lids made of ? 
does this mattress need to be used with a box spring , or can we use it on a platform bed ? 
can this mattress be placed on an existing box spring ? 
can this be used on an ajustable bed ? 
is the talay latex natural or is only the dunlop natural ? 
does it come in white ? 
what are the dimensions of the closed cabinet part of his unit ? 
is the back of the cabinet thick enough to hang up securely ? 
what type of material is on the back of the cabinet part ? 
is this cabinet made out of wood ? 
can this be painted with minwax for a darker color 
does this come with hanging support , screws and panels ? 
what 's the dimension between the bottom of the cabinet and the shelf ? 
is this product just the bedding or it comes with the bed frame and the actual bed 
does this set include six separate pieces - one dust ruffle to cover the trundle , one cover , and three shams ? 
is this item washable ? 
is the skirt long enough to hide a trundle bed underneath ? 
what is the drop on the bed skirt ? 
the darker part at the bottom , is that part of the cover or a separate piece ? 
are the pillow shams as shown in the photo with two that match and a third with ruffles ? 
does this unit ( model : xo1-ctc ) support the xo reverse osmosis upgrade ? 
what is the height from the spiggot to the platform and also , form the spiggot to the countertop ? 
this unit just hooks into a water line correct ? 
is it sealed , stainless steel reservoir too just like bdx1-ctbk ? 
do these fit an extra long full mattress ? 
how many btu 's does this unit put out ? 
does it have to wire into the wall on the bottom right , or can it wire in on the bottom left ? 
what are the true dimensions ? 
how long does it take to heat up a couple of bath towels ? 
how do you know if it is a sterile baby ? 
it is literally freezing here ... if it freezes will it still work 
if i want to start going with 2 brews at a time , can i just cut the scoby in half ? 
what size baking sheet does this fit ? 
country of origin ? 
how is the blade cleaned 
how wide is the bottom ( diameter ) ? 
can the parts be unjoined to get it clean ? 
does the bottom come off so i can chop on my cutting board , which i did most of the time with my old chopper ? 
what type of delivery -- at the door or in the door ? 
what is the width of the stand leg to leg not including the overhang of top of cabinet 
sorry if i asked this once but what is the largest tv this stand will hold ? 
how heavy and large a tv will the stand hold ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
does this painting has a 3d effect ? 
is the background white or beige and is the trunk of the tree brown or black ? 
does this print come in a larger size ? 
i would like the same pairing but the tree facing the other way so i can hang them together , can you make that for me ? 
why does it say the price is 32 and then when you order it the price is 54 ? 
how do i request a different leaf color ? 
this would be for my son sleeps on his back and weighs @ 325 good purchase for him ? 
does this pad smell ? 
what is the warranty on this product i purchased one in june and it has a split in it right where i lay ? 
can i return this for a refund if it does n't work for me ? 
what is the measurement of one finished flower ? 
how big are the pieces they make ? 
can i bake cake in this ? 
if using this for soap how much does each bar weigh ? 
where does this item ship from ? 
is this set made of 100 % cotton or polyester ? 
is this mint green ? 
what makes this different from the epica tm accupro digital kitchen scale in quality ? 
can it weigh postage ? 
what size calibration weight does it need ? 
is the homelegance charley 9715pu-1 bi-cast vinyl chair , dark brown the same color as the loveseat ? 
does the material have tendency to peel ? 
does it peel ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
does the glass have grooves for plates ? 
is it solid wood ? 
is the glass tempered ? 
is it lighted ? 
does it have a lock ? 
how much assembly is required ? 
does this curio cabinet have a light ? 
is the stairway attachment included ? 
is this the same model as the dc41 animal ? 
is the dc41 the same as dc41 animal 
does this model come with the mini turbine head ? 
i also would like to know what the warranty is on the dyson . 
what is the warranty for refurbished dyson products ? 
where is this pan manufactured 
could someone please tell me the actual height ? 
will this pan work on an induction cooktop ? 
does it have a lid ? 
where is it made 
how many quarts is this ? 
can i use this for chocolate melts ? 
can these be used with polymer clay and can you bake the silicone mold ? 
how do you fill the mold without having excess fondant leftover that you have to trim off ? 
are these flexible silicone molds ? 
size and cubic ft. ? 
does it have an interior light ? 
does this oven broil ? 
please what is the largest pizza this will hold ? 
what size of baking tray will fit in the oven ? 
will it grind fine enough for an espresso maker ? 
can this be easily cleaned by hand washing ? 
how long is the cord ? 
phillips ' web site says : `` ground coffee container with anti-static feature '' is there static ? 
what are the dimensions of this machine ? 
will it work at 220 240 voltage 
does this come with a remote ? 
i see that the 2554 has a louvre that 's supposed to enable you to angle the upper part of the blades upward , does the t42900 have that also ? 
what 's difference between model of t42900 and # 2554 ? 
what is the cfm of the t42900 
how does theipedic convoluted gel topper compare to a regular memory foam toppers 
anyone tried this in a hide-a-bed ? 
what are the dimensions of the short queen ? 
does the topper come with cover ? 
i want to know if the power light is supposed to stay on when the heater itself is turned off 
several people have said the blower is loud , is it too loud for discreet office use ? 
does anybody else have a problem with cold air coming out of their heater instead of hot , after a while ? 
what color is the power cord ? 
does this have an auto turn off it it tips over ? 
does the heater smell when you first get it or first turn it on ? 
does it work as a fan only - with no heat - to cool a room slightly ? 
is there a shipping discount for multiple items ? 
is hot water used in a tray under the thawing plate ? 
is this made of carbon or some other metal ? 
what is the size please 
is this a infraded heater & amp ; how big square feet does it heat it does n't say 
can i put a 65 inch tv on it weight about 78 # 
are there holes in the back of the shelf units on the side to run media cables , or is the back of the unit solid ? 
are the two shelf units separate , such that they could they be placed further back to be flush with my uneven wall ? 
how wide is the top section ? 
does it make `` fire '' sounds ? 
can you do canning ( water bath and pressure ) on a nuwave ? 
does this come with carrying case , dvd , and instructions ? 
do you have to buy a warranty separately ? 
can you iron sheet with steamfast sf 623bk 
how does it work on blouses 
i wonder to know if the streamer supports 220v ? 
are replacement covers available for this mid size ? 
does it press linens well 
how hot does this get and can you use without steam . 
what size is it ? 
how many watts of electricity does the unit use ? 
are there any grays in this quilt , perhaps in the shells or on the throw pillows or is it all taupe ? 
is in comfortable ? 
is this set machine washable dryable ? 
can you tell me if the casing is wood or plastic ? 
does this unit come with all the filters ( carbon fil+hepa +photo cat filer + per-filt ) as listed and does it come with the ozone plates ? 
can this be used in an occupied area such as a living room ? 
is the hepa filter washable ? 
is it safe to use tap tap water with this product and if yes ... is it ok to use a protek cartridge in the tank ? 
what causes a white powdery film to for on everything ? 
can i use with 220v 
what difference does `` ultrasonic '' make ? 
will it open plastic jars ? 
will it open a jar that is wider where the `` grippers '' attach and the cap is much smaller ? 
does it work on smooth edge jars , such as pickle jars 
what is the widest diameter jar lid it will open ? 
what is the widest lid it can open ? 
why would the description say `` framed , ready to hang '' when it 's not ? 
this item is already framed and ready to hang ? 
i am in need of ( 2 ) either marble or granite cutting boards , a 23 x 23 and 20 x 23. let me know cost and available colors you have ? 
size of board 
what are the dimensions of the pane at the top ? 
what is the height , width and weight 
do these require batteries ? 
is the clear window made of glass or acrylic ? 
i ordered the set but only got one . 
are these mills not made of a solid stainless steel tube , from the picture it looks like there 's plastic or acrylic or something ? 
is the grind size adjustable ? 
is there tax in ny on this mattress ? 
what is the cost for the split king mattresses without the adj bed ? 
how long does it take for the new mattress smell to go away ? 
how heavy is each piece , mine has to go to the second floor around a staircase ? 
what are the dimensions of the bag ? 
do these bags have micro perforation ? 
when washing containers , can the labels be submerged in water ? 
are these label removable or are they meant to be permanently placed on the primary surface ? 
will these chalkboard labels stick to fabric ( closetmaid fabric drawer ) ? 
will they stick to the acrylic oxo good grip containers ? 
need to get accessories as well.. can anyone help ? 
would the curtain match dark purple rugs ? 
where can i buy the accessories like the trash can and soap dispenser ? 
can anyone tell me if the valance is attached to the shower curtain , or do i have to buy it separately ? 
what is the difference between the 12 inch tri-ply prima pan and the domas pan ? 
is this the pan that america 's test kitchen reviewed ? 
is the base 12 inches or the lip ? 
is this pan made in brazil or china ? 
does it work on induction cooktops ? 
i do n't expect this to be completely non-stick , but how does this pan do on omelets and scrambled eggs ? 
is this america 's test kitchen modell number 1767730 ? 
is this pan dishwasher safe ? 
what type of refrigerant does this unit use and is it precharged ready to use ? 
can the outdoor unit be mounted to a shallow sloped roof ? 
what size breaker for 220 run ? 
does this unit have an electric `` toaster '' for backup heat when the ambient temp is too cold for the heatpump ? 
is there a filter at the spout to stop scale from getting into your cup ? 
where is it made ? 
is the heating element exposed ? 
the probe may be tucked into a 165f piece of chicken , but the cable is exposed to searing heat and fails 
how long of a lead on the probe 
mine does n't work ; it always says 
how do i register my mattress for warranty coverage ? 
can i use this mattress on an adjustable bed 
how long do i have to return ? 
does this twin matress come with the pillow ? 
what is exact width and length , i want 39 '' x 75 '' 
can i use this mattress in adjustable beds ? 
is it strong enough to press cheese straw dough . 
can the thickness be adjusted to make a cookie crisp 
will this work with refrigerated dough , or is it not strong enough ? 
will it stand up to oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip cookies ? 
can this cookie press be used to make cheese straws ? 
the plunger portion of my press seems to be able to move up or down without the lever action , is this normal , or do i have a defective one ? 
would a lego frog fit though the hole ? 
could i fit m & amp ; ms in these as a favor ? 
can these hold polymer clay items like are they big enough for that ? 
will these bottles fit small lucky stars ? 
how many oz do they hold ? 
do they come with the hooks to make them into key-chains ? 
is this made out of soid wood ? 
how much knee room is there , i.e. , height from floor to bottom of keyboard tray ? 
what are the dimentions for the tower shelf 
can this desk be put together without the printer shelf ? 
honestly , do you think this desk will be able to comfortably hold two 24 '' monitors ? 
is it dishwasher safe 
just want to make sure : with the ice compartment in place , it holds 2.5 gal vs. without the ice compartment , it holds 3.5 gal ? 
there is a big black gasket where does it go no instructions and putting together 
the holes for the spigot do not line up ? 
if you make daiquiris , will that thik of a drink go through the spout ? 
does the vacuum stay upright or easily fall over ? 
consumer reports ranked this bagless at number 35. does that sound right or do you think it should be higher ? 
how wide is it at the base ? 
how long is the hose ? 
power 
will this vacuum clean shag , sculpted shag and plush carpet ? 
how does it work on hardwood floors with lots of dog hair ? 
does this vacum include attachments 
is there any adjustments that can be made for scatter rugs 
do you think you can stack two of these on top of each other ? 
can you use this steamer in regular pans ? 
would it be fit to aroma arc-914sbd ( 8-cup ) ? 
can this be used to safely cook steam small pieces of raw beef or chicken ? 
will it fit the bed bath and beyound aroma rice cooker 
will this steamer fit the bed bath and beyound 6 cup stainless rice cooker 
what is the inside diameter of the 5-qt stockpot near the top and what is the height ? 
will the handles become hot , while cooking ? 
will a magnet stick to the bottom of these pans ? 
will the three ( minus the stockpot and lids of course ) `` nest '' or stack for storage ? 
is the bottom perfectly flat ? 
can this be used with a wave countertop 
after washing these pots and pans in the dishwasher for a couple of months has anyone noticed any rust on the pots ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
what are the size of the bullet ice cubes when finished ? 
how do you fill it ? 
how do you pour the water in , and remove the ice cubes later ? 
bpa free ? 
how firm is this pillow ? 
is this a pretty thin pillow ( liek the kind the airlines let you use ) or a regular or a super stuffed one ? 
could it be used as a knee pillow ? 
do you also sell pillow cases for this pillow ? 
does the ice shaver blade fit magic bullet mbr-1701 17-piece 
is this different than the `` cross blade '' that comes with the magic bullet ? 
does this blade make ice chips like the ice chips in a sonic cherry limeaide ? 
i have only used this item about 10 times since purchasing and the last time i used it the rubber locks on the base shaved off and now it does n't work 
does this blade fit mbr 1001 ? 
does it fit mb1001b 
does is blade fit the isablender 
does the nutri bullet base fit the magic bullet ? 
is there a place in the knife block that would hold kitchen scissor 's , if purchased separately ? 
are the steak knives serrated ? 
are these blades forged ? 
made where ? 
is the chef 's knife included in this set the same one that 's sold individually on amazon ? 
is there a warranty ? 
do the bowls have lids ? 
are these triangle cone shaped ? 
where is this product made ? 
what are they made of ? 
is the corner sealed or open 
are these bags sturdy enough to fill donut pans with donut dough ? 
would these be useful without a pastry tip , but if i just cut the bottom tip off in order to squeeze homemade purees into cube trays ? 
i want to use this for halloween craft , is there any writing brand marks on bags or is it just a clear plastic bag ? 
what type of fabric was used for the seat cover ? 
what are the dimensions of this bench ? 
dimensions ? 
what is the weight limit 
can you use essential oils with this product ? 
does it turn off automatically ? 
what kind of outlet adapter do i need to purchase and how many hours does it run since it does n't seem to shut itself off ? 
how , where can i get a good connect cord ? 
how do you clean the unit for storage ? 
are you able to purchase additional purifying rods ? 
do these stack securely without slipping , say in a shopping bag or a cardboard box ? 
would these work fro freezing cupcakes ? 
for mini cupcake or reg cupcake ? 
are there indents for fingers to not mess up frosting edges when taking them out of the holder ? 
how wide is the seat will it fit a 400 pound man ? 
material 
how high is the seat from thr floor ? 
where were this pots made ? 
will this pot work on an induction cooktop ? 
how long does it take to make a full pot of iced coffee from start to finish ? 
what are the measurements ? 
is the dripping mechanism spout made of metal or plastic ? 
can you ship to australia ? 
hello , you can send me to mexico ? 
i 'd like to put two end on end for a very long day bed - how much gap would there be between the mattresses on top ? 
i need the exact measures of the bed and , do we have to assemle it ourselves ? 
does this actually come with the trundle or does that need to be purchased seperately ? 
what is the clearance for the trundle , i.e. , what thickness mattress will it accommodate while still rolling under the main bed ? 
what is the weight limit on both top , and trundle , beds ? 
the top bed does it take a regular twin mattress ? 
ca the trundle fit a mattress that is 8 '' thick and 74 '' long and 37 '' wide ? 
can i set it up to have the trundle open to the right side or left side , or is it only the set up to open on the left i see on the picture ? 
does the trundle raise to the height of the bed , or is the person sleeping on the trundle bed , therefore sleeping low to the floor ? 
what is the max weight for this scale ? 
does this scale need to be calibrated ? 
is the joseph joseph triscale accurate ? 
what kind of battery does it use ? 
what is the diameter of a plate that will fit on this and still be able to see the weight ? 
the instructions say that the pot should not be used on high heat , but how high do they mean on an induction cook top , a 8 or 9 ? 
can you put this pot in the oven 
does the food burn in this pot , even on low heat ? 
does this pot have a smooth bottom for use with a ceramic stove ? 
does this pot have any kind of lid lock , drain holes , pour spout , rolled rim or anything of thelke to help remove water ? 
can you tell me what the dimensions of the pot is ? 
do the handles get hot ? 
are they 100 % cotton ? 
hi , a was wondering if this sheets are too hot ? 
are these wrinkle free ? 
what is the thread count ? 
my size bed its 120 cm x200 cm europe , how should i choose the right size ? 
what are it 's instructions for use ? 
can it be used in a car 
what kind of batteries ? 
has anyone tried it clipped to a dog crate ? 
would the fan be effective in the south florida sun at the pool ? 
how long will the fan run , about ? 
is the fan very loud ? 
what size bed does this fit ? 
does the pillow cover come with the duvet cover 
what is the size in inches 
what material is this made of ? 
is think duvet that i could use it in the winter time ? 
what re the measurements ? 
does the v60 range server 800ml fit on the cute acrylic stand with drip tray , or only the 600ml ? 
can you use a beehouse dripper with the hario stand ? 
please tell me what the stand adds to the equatio ? 
is there enough space at the bottom of the stand to allow for other scales to be used instead of the hario scale ? 
is this compatible with an aeropress ? 
how large is each cavity 
microwaveable ? 
what size are the bowls ? 
does this ice cream maker have it 's own compressor ? 
what does the 2 year warranty option cover ? 
of what material is the ice cream pail made ? 
how many amps does this machine draw ? 
do you have to freeze the mixer bowl first , or just plug and use ? 
will it handle gelato ? 
how tall are these cups 
are these made in the usa , and if not do they have a lead and cadmium-free glaze ? 
can you buy additional pillow shams ? 
is the bed skirt included ? 
do you also have this in queen ? 
would this be able to fit my queen size bed ? 
can i get the pillow cases you have on the pictute for the yellow multi ? 
how can i find mizone alison matching fitted shet sets and pillw cases to matchyellow multi comforter set ? 
microwave ? 
can you ship to denmark 
what do they use to make the color change is it toxic 
thedimensions of unit 
if i set this to keep a room at 50 % humidity will it turn on automatically when it drops below that then off when that % is reached ? 
for what size of room does this work . 
is this one quiet ? 
how does it work ? 
does it use filters 
i got honeywell f300a~~~ 12.5 x 16 x 3 8 '' , will this fit ? 
are 1 or 2 pre filters per package ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how high is it ? 
i 'm interested in your product , but i have one big question : if i buy 4 , will it help get rid of the mold ? 
can i turn the light off if i wanted , or it stays on all the time 
is it auto volt ? 
how many days should this air purifier last if it 's on 24 7 ? 
does this require a filter ? 
are they good for bathrooms ? 
why is there a hole in the lid ? 
about how many people would a meal serve , if cooked in a crock pot this size ? 
is this round or oval ? 
is this round or oval ? 
does it come with a lid latch ? 
what are the internal dimensions of the inside pot ? 
does it automatically shift to warm when cooking time ends ? 
how many speeds does it have ? 
do i really need the protection plan fot this 
what is the max depth of the blender stick attachment ? 
crush ice ? 
can one use metal tools with these pans ? 
can this cookware be used without scratching glasstop stoves ? 
made in america 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
where is this set made from ? 
is this set guaranteed against scratches and stains ? 
are these dishwasher safe ? 
do they actually hold 16 ounces ? 
do you think these would be ok for coffee ? 
are the bottoms flat or slightlly concave or concave ? 
what 's the top and bottom diameter of the glass ? 
can this be used for hot and cold beverages ? 
how tall are these glasses ? 
is it good materiel ? 
shirt 
are these the color in the photo or like a chocolate brown ? 
do you have queen and king sizes 
how much weight can this bench hold ? 
can it be sit outside 
there are two different lengths listed here ... if the bench 47 1 2 or 42 ? 
what are the measurements ? 
how long is the bench ? 
shipping weight on product is 16lbs why is the same mattress through another distribitor there shipping weight is 40.2 ? 
does this come with a cover and what kind of cover is it , if it does come with one ? 
what is the density rating on this mattress ? 
what are the dimensions of the twin lucid mattress ? 
could you please provide measurements of the mattress 's indentation load deflection and its pressure reaction in mmhg ? 
does it have autostart after poer interuption 
can i have this drain into my sump pump ? 
is the built in pump warranteed for more than one year ? 
how many square feet does this unit dehumidify 
has anybody used this dehumidifier in a crawl space ? 
is a drainage hose included with the unit ? 
what size is the tubing for the built-in pump and is it provided ? 
will the pump still go on if you drain directly into a floor drain ? 
are refurbished juicers guaranteed for 12 years ? 
where can i find the upc code for the juicer ? 
when i 'm juicing tougher things like carrots or apples the drum moves slightly , is this normal ? 
can you juice wheat grass with this juicer 
is waffle batter from scratch ok to use ? 
what kind of batter to use in this machine 
can this be heated on the stove or does the water need to be heated first then poured into the pot ? 
is the inside of the pot cast iron or enamel ? 
can the infuser be removed from the pot ? 
is this a cast iron teapot that can be used on top of a wood burning stove indoors with water to humidify the air ? 
is this safe to keep on a gas wood burning stove to disburse moisture in our dry colorado climate ? 
what kind of wood is this and how do you clean it ? 
are the knives good ? 
what size is this set ? 
does it work with himalayan salt ( the pink stuff ) ? 
what are dimensions - height and diameter 
can i grind peppers corns in this grinder 
where can you get instructions in english ? 
i want to know if you r to cut the tip off or put holes in groves on side or are they already there ? 
how many holes do you put in the spike 
does it fit a 12 oz us water bottle ? 
has anyone used it to drain cooked ground beef ? 
is the bowl flat or does it have small legs that lift it up off counter ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is this strainer set microwave safe ? 
how well does it grate soft cheeses like mozzarella cheese and cheddar cheese 
does it have an insert to grate potato for pancakes ? 
could you tell me where is it produced and how large is the food-feeding chute , i.e. , can you feed the whole apple potato or do you need to precut ? 
can this unit shred cabbage ? 
does this grate carrots fine for carrot cakes ? 
can i make fine hazelnut flour with this ? 
how easy is it to hand clean 
is it a glass lid ? 
does it made in germany ? 
does it has steam stool inside ? 
does this have a round bottom or a flat bottom ? 
if i use this in my cubicle at work , will people around me smell the food heating ? 
is it 110v ? 
will it plug into a vehicles power port ? 
does this come with a plug in cord or do you have to buy it seperately ? 
does it have an auto power-off feature in case one forgets to unplug it ? 
where is the power switch 
can it b used in car 
is it plastic inside ? 
when will it be available in king size ? 
what is the fill weight ? 
is it machine washable and condition of comforter after washing ? 
does this have a place to tie it on all 4 corners to a duvet cover ? 
what 's makes up the filling of this comfort ? 
is this 18 10 or 18 0 stainless steel ? 
can you tell me exact size of the case package ? 
is this set dishwasher safe ? 
can you tell me for sure if this silverware with the 24k gold plated accents is dishwasher safe ? 
can the knives really cut through food ? 
how much does the set weight ? 
are the sizes of spoons and forks like usual american sizes ? 
is this product wh2416c ? 
do they fit the venti starbucks cup ? 
are these think walled and are they 6mm ? 
will these fit and work with the rubbermaid 32 oz sip style refillable water bottles ? 
do these straws come in different diameters ? 
are the rubber stoppers moveable or fixed ? 
are these straws safe to use in hot liquids like coffee or tea ? 
how deep is this dish ? 
is it made in usa 
what is the white layer on the bottom of the bakeware 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions of this poster ? 
poster is listed as 36x24 but people are saying it is a 39x55 
poster is listed as 36x24 but people are saying it is a 39x55 
where can i get a cheap frame for it 
can you hear the fan , how quiet is it ? 
is it better to mount where the fan pulls out the heat from the cabinet or better to blow air into cabinet ? 
will one of these keep the computer tower section of my desk cool or should i get more than one ? 
what is the cut out size so i can mount them right ? 
can you use them in a push pull configuration ? 
the dimensions are 17 x 5 x 10.5inches -- what does the 5 indicate ? 
i need a very narrow dish rack - is this dish rack actually only 5 inches wide ? 
can you fill with melted chocolate to cool in ? 
is this flexible and durable enough to use a soap mold ? 
does it fry fresh fish 
does a frozen pizza fit in this oven ? 
can you get a replacement for glss bowl 
what if any oils an fats are used 
does this fry just as good as the tfall fryer 
how exactly are you frying the chicken , are you still using flour ? 
can you get a replacement for glass bowl 
can anyone recommend best way to clean this mat ? 
can it go in the oven 
i have never used a mat to roll apply fondant , how much extra do you roll past the measurements for the sides ? 
how long does it take to cook the white rice by using this rice cooker ? 
is this 8 cups of cooked or uncooked ? 
are these silicone and bpa free ? 
are the straws soft or hard ? 
are these soft and flexible , or hard and rigid ? 
length of straws 
will this be right size for the 16 oz tervis tumbler 
so when you bite the end of the straw , does it give at all , or is it just very hard , and could break ? 
will this straw be to long for a kids frozen snackeez ? 
can the straw be used for hot tea ? 
wich is the size ? 
how long does it take to ship to the u.s. from china ? 
can you ship this to jakarta , indonesia and still in good shape ? 
what is the pillowcase made of ? 
is this pillowcase the size of a twin pillow ? 
can this fit a queen pillow ? 
i need to know what the dimension of the package will be ? 
what is the foam density of the top section of the mattress 
what is the size in inches ( wide and length ) ? 
what is the firmness of this mattress ? 
does it unpack to the 8 inches as advertised ? 
what length is this mattress 
i would n't mind paying this price for a solid item , not printed cardboard , does anyone know how to find a life-size tardis made of sturdy material ? 
can you actually go inside of it 
do you have and plans to reduce the scale maby to 7 8 scale so the tardis will fit under a standard us 7 foot celing ? 
how many feet are this tardis 
is there anything inside ? 
i have to respectfully ask how you justify charging $ 245 for this item when it is made out of printed cardboard , breaks easily and has awful reviews ? 
is it silent as it works ? 
can this be used as a humidifier as well ? 
will it work with hydrosols ? 
is there a warranty on product ? 
what type of oil is used an how to use it ? 
what are the colors in the color changing mode ? 
does this diffuser have music or bluetooth ? 
if you want to use 2 or 3 differnt essencial oils during the course of the day is it difficult to change them out ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is this made out of wood or mdf material ? 
is the marble top a continuous piece or if separate pieces how big and how put together 
rack size ? 
does it toast both sides at same time ? 
size 
does it make a `` ding '' noise when turned off or timer goes off , and if so can it be disconnected ? 
where can you order a kitchen aid flex edge beater for model number kg25h7xwh 
will this fit a k45ss 
will this fit a k5ss model ? 
does this fit the 6 quart bowl lift ? 
does this fit the 6qt kitchenaid lift bowl mixer ? 
i bought the kitchenaid pro 600 glass bowl 6 qt lift has anyone used this on the glass bowl that comes with this model instead of the metal bowl ? 
will this stand up to high heat candy mix ? 
what is the size of the twin and queen 
what is diferent mesements king & amp ; qween ? 
is the background color pure white and not cream ? 
does this have any red it it ? 
does it come with a strap on it ? 
how much water does it hold ? 
do you sell them in bulks ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how do you install the door handles 
what are the dimensions ? 
does this unit vent in the front for an undercounter application ? 
does the cooler run continuously or does it shut off - what is power usage like over the course of a year 
dimensions ? 
how wide is the entire unit completely assembled ? 
could this hold a 27 '' imac ? 
is it sturdy and strong enough to hold a desk top not a laptop ? 
how far out does the bottom shelf come out from the wall ? 
how high is typing table part ? 
can you adjust the shelfs ? 
does it ship in one or two boxes , and is it two or one unit ? 
does it brew the tea at a 210 degree boil or do all the `` brew '' cycles heat to the same temperature ? 
is the size of this coffee maker 13 inches tall or is it 11.8 inches tall ? 
what coffee grind should i get for this machine ? 
can you use loose tea ? 
can you brew less than a carafe-full if you adjust the amount of coffee and water ? 
what is the material of the filter ? 
what is the sponge 's size when dry ? 
how many sponges are in one package ? 
is this made of konjac root ? 
does this work on induction cooktops ? 
will it make my food turn red ? 
how to clean burnt food 
has anyone had any problems at all with food getting stuck to this pan ? 
how is a plain cast iron skillet different from a le creuset ? 
can these skillets cook on electric stoves 
was this skillet made in china 
is this skillet size good for making omelets in ( 3 eggs ) , or should i look for an 8 '' pan ? 
is the coating similar to the coating in the dutch ovens ? 
is it safe to use non-stick cooking spray on the pan ? 
can it be used in oven 
are there other colors than red 
how do you clean it ? 
the description said 2 shams ... why does it have 2 shams ... are the 2 pillow cases included : ( 
do you know what kind of material it is and the dimensions of the comforter ? 
can you give me the dimenssions of this product in the cal king please . 
can we adjust the height ? 
does it come with the screws needed to mount the tv ? 
at the full height extension , how high is the bottom of the tv off the ground ? 
screw holes on back of tv do not line up with rods that hold onto mount -- can i turn mount vertical and and hang rods horizontal ? 
i wan na order this but im concern that the weight of my tv would make it fall ... i have a 50 '' vizio smart tv ? 
is the position of the glass shelf adjustable ? 
will this fit inside of a stella artois bottle ? 
how much beer does it displace ? 
do you have to remove it every time you take a sip ? 
planning to take this on a trip ... . will this pass through tsa in carry-on bag , or will it need to be checked in ? 
where is this item made ? 
what is warranty ? 
is it german made ? 
is it oven safe ? 
what are the dimensions of the boxes ? 
does it require to have the coffee maker hooked up to a water line ( plumbing ) 
does this product come with the gold-toned filter ? 
how long does it take to brew a pot full ? 
what is the wattage of this coffee maker ? 
can you use any kind of k-cups with this unit ? 
is the one shown in the picture a queen size ? 
do you have a king size mattress pad ? 
does this work on a foam or latex mattress ? 
is the top of the pad a knit material 
is the top of the pad a knit material 
how many watts ? 
can you make green smoothies ? 
does it come with the 10-second recipe book ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the height of the space where the shelves are placed ( height of the doors ) ? 
what are the physical dimensions , height , width and depth ? 
are the shelves inside the cabinet adjustable in height or removable ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
dimensions 
when steaming fresh vegetables on the stove top , how exactly do you use and how long do you steam them ? 
where is the product made ? 
does the lifesmart compact power plus 800 square foot infrared heater have a fan , if so how does it work and what is the warranty ? 
timer 
what are the dimensions of the heater ? 
how noisy is this unit ? 
can this be used to boil water ? 
can i use it in microwave 
do the glass handles break easily ? 
does the plastic infuser eventually stain from the tea ? 
can i use this on a warming plate ? 
where can i find replacemernt filters for this air cleaner 
does this put out ozone ? 
do you have to replace the filters in this unit ? 
does this unit come with s voc odor reduction filter as well ? 
what size room can it accommodate ? 
is the wood a rust brown accented with darker brown , and is the height 24 inches to edge of the seat or to the top of the leather 
are they available in 29 inches high ? 
can the fabric be changed from brown to black ? 
does this have a non skid backing ? 
does this have varied texture and does it show footprints ? 
does this rug have same qualities as microfiber rug ? oft to touch , constructed to absorb water quickly , and dries fast features a non-skid , no-slip bac 
is there anyone who purchased this product the ( victorio ) that wishes they had upgrade to the norpro stainless steamer , juicer instead ? 
has anyone used this on a radiant glass top stove , and where the temperatures cycle on off type of thing ? ... 
were is it made ? 
if i wanted to use this cooktop as a warmer , would the lowest setting be too hot and melt a tupperware bowl of leftovers . 
how to reset error message of e7 ( relay cutting-off ) 
hi , where is this item made from ? 
how long does it take to cook it to hard boiled ? 
does it have an automatic shut-off switch ? 
does it shut off when eggs are done ? 
if you use large eggs do you have to increase cooking time ? 
will large eggs fit in it 
does anyone know the actual dimensions of the twin size topper ? 
what is the density of the foam ? 
what is the foam density for this mattress topper ? 
is this egg separator dishwasher safe ? 
any one try this on a glass bowl ? 
is this egg separator bpa and pvc free ? 
how do i get to the check out page ? 
what are the dimensions of this board ? 
does it come bigger ? 
i see that some customers complain about some rust on the knifes , is it on the dinner or the steak knifes , thank you . 
is this an american made product ? 
was wondering with this flat ware does it bend easy ? 
what part is brushed and which shiny ? 
what 's the shipping cost ? 
is this a textile poster or a normal paper print poster ? 
is he smokin a doobie or a cig in the pic . 
is it blurry like in the picture when you get it ? 
what are the dimensions of the poster ? 
is a gas burner ok 
may i use them with the electric glass stove ? 
what is the price for the double broiler 
does this item contain lead ? 
do these items have lead in them since thery are both ceramic and glass ? 
i would like to know if this visions 4-pc cookware set is made in usa ? 
what size is the large saucepan ? 
can you use this cookware on a gas stove ? 
is it 120 voltage ? 
is it 120 voltage ? 
the free shipping is included in this product ? 
can you make mini pies with it ? 
how much is its watt ? 
how much watt does this hold up ? 
manufacture date 
can you use the convection and rotisserie features at the same time with this oven ? 
confirm the s1800 is white , and what are the exterior dimensions in inches 
will a 13x11 pan fit in this ? 
can i fit a half sheet pan in it ? 
dose this oven have a rotissere 
what are teh exterior dimensions ? 
threadcount ? 
what is the sixe of the pillow case delivered with the twin xl sheets ? 
do these sheets match the port elizabeth blue and white zig zag comforter ? 
what is the dimentions of a fitted xl sheet 
are these sheets deep pocket ? 
how deep is the fitted sheet ( queen ) ... ..17 '' or more ? 
we are limited in space - can you tell us if the toaster is 12 '' long or is that the height ? 
can you shut off the sound 
what is the length and depth ( when depressed ) of the slot ? 
does it toast large bread ? 
are the funnels 100 % silicone ? 
where are these made ? 
what country manufactures this ? 
will these cups work well with keurig ? 
will they hold 3.7 oz ? 
can cup and saucer sets stack on top of each other ? 
how tall are the cups ? 
what size are the shams 
what are the dimensions of this oversized king quilt set ? 
what are the dimensions of this quilt ? 
i am interested in purchasing the bedskirt and wonder if this is available also ? 
does this set come in full queen ? 
does it have a warranty ? 
could you please tell me if this red 3 in 1 breakfast maker comes with an oven tray ? 
is the griddle removable to make cleaning easier ? 
what are the dimensions of the toaster over part ? 
hello can the coffee maker be used for hot water for tea only 
does it come with a little tray for the oven ? 
is the input voltage 110v ? 
when setting the time how can you read it , i set it and reads 30.00 
when the door is opened , does it bring the rack out with it for easier access to what is being cooked toasted ? 
does it have a clock display ? 
does this have a non-stick coating inside ? 
what are the dimensions of this oven ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
the overall dimensions 
is the elastic all the way around 
is 76 '' 80 a king size ? 
does it fit snug over a 13 inch king mattress ? 
how badly does this sheet shrink if washed in hot water ? 
does it fit a 15.5 deep memory foam mattress ? 
are you going to get this item in grey ? 
does it fit a king mattress that is 11 inches high deep , not 15 '' ? 
so basicly you are buying the peice of paper art and have to place it on the canvas yourself or frame it is that correct ? 
i cant peel theres no way to peel what the easiest way to peel 
the peeling off the art isnt soo easy , is there any other way to apply the art to a canvas 
what size board should i get to stick this on to make it look like the image ? 
how much more would it be for the set to come with frames ? 
can i get this with frame 
how powerful is this one ( watts ) ? 
is the kettle detachable from the heating element and cord ? 
where is this kettle made ? 
when using the square grill pan ( l8sgp3 ) , why or when do you need the lid especially when you have the pan to grill veggies or tofu ? 
you ought to be able to by the lid cheaper by its self or it in a package with the grill pan . 
can u put this lid in oven too 
can u put lid in oven also 
can you use this for flour tortiallas ? 
is this truly made of mesquite wood ? 
12 presses were good reviews , 5 presses were bad reviews , so how do i make sure i get a good press ? 
how much weight does this chair hold ? 
what is the seat height ? 
dimensions ? 
is the bar adjustable 
how mayup right poles come 
how much does it weigh ? 
why the shipping so high and can you low shipping about $ 10 or $ 15 if so let me know . 
how to assemble wheel casters - received with no directions - in what order do the washers stack ? 
can you decrease the height to 66 inches ? 
does this have plastic parts to hold it together ? 
can you use height extensions on this rack ? 
does it fit a travel mug 
what are the choices of capacity of the 5 options of cup size ? 
what is the height of the k75 when it is open ? 
how many watts is this model ? 
what is the difference between this model and the b70 ? 
is the chair a rocker ? 
what is the seat height ? 
i 've had a sectional couch with the microfiber once and it tore very easily from our dog ; can someone tell me if material on this recliner is durable ? 
how would these work for making mini pies ? 
is this mold made in us or in china ? 
can i use these for steaming purpose ( pudding for example ) 
what are the dimensions of the pan 
is this product good to use for making homemade body products ? 
when you bend them , do they turn white ? 
what country was made from ? 
hi can you please send me sizes of ths mold and the mini square mold thank you 
panna 
what is the width ? 
size length 
if these sheets are wrinkle-resistant ? 
if these sheets are egyptian cotton , why do n't they say so ? 
is this 100 % cotton ? 
does it fit the k79 brewing system with the tray removed ? 
does this fit under the vue 700 series ? 
are these dishwasher safe , or must they be handwashed ? 
will it drive me to work while sleeping 
does the travel mug fit on the keurig to accept the coffee as it is made ... or do you have to transfer the coffee from the machine to the travel mug ... 
will this fit under a 20079 keurig 
does anyone know if it fits under the k450 2.0 with tray removed ? 
can you use creme of mushroom soup for the liquid , such as with roast beef 
how many quarts or ounces does this thing hold ? 
does anyone know how much pressure is maintained while cooking ? 
would this pot be good for cooking rice ? 
can this be used at home when the power goes out ? 
is there a cookbook 
does this come with the rack ? 
is the color blue or more of a turquoise ? 
do you know the mesurement 
is the blanket soft or more just for looks , i want a blanket that is soft 
can i used for twin xl since you do n't have the twin xl.. ? 
does it fit well on queen size bed ? 
is the comforter more on a aqua blue or teal ( more green than blue ) ? 
what is a coverlet 
when will this item be back in stock ? 
can this be shipped to south africa ? 
hi i dont get this product properly , em is the just the hello kitty head with the arms and legs and then u attach it to the bed ? 
i want to know if you can get it in queen size ? 
is the comforter machine washable ? 
how big is the queen size comforter ? 
are these pba free ? 
can i freeze in them and then microwave to reheat ? 
do these plates go from freezer to microwave ? 
do they contain bpa ? 
what is the wattage on this and is it made in the usa ? 
what is power ? 
is the slowest speed a true stir or is it too fast ? 
does batter splatter at low speed ? 
does this set come in queen size ? 
is this coverlet quilted ? 
i need a king single size 1.5x 1.9 and can the item be shipped to montevideo uruguay 
i 'm not sure how close in size a king and cal king are ... but if i ordered a king , would it fit on a cal king nicely or would it be too short ? 
how sheer is this ? 
is the curtain see through and is is mold resistant 
is is really mold proof ? 
what color is the tree ? 
is the shower curtain material heavy ? 
what is the measure in inches ? 
are the branches totally black or do they have some gray ? 
do i need to use a liner with this ? 
what size is this case ? 
can you hang on wall 
will this fit an xl football jersey ? 
what is the size of this box ? 
what is the depth ? 
is it real glass ? 
does the product or its packaging indicate where these spoons are manufactured ? 
is the brand name also engraved ( like the measurements ) ? 
will they fit into typical spice jars ? 
do these come with the ring to keep them together ? 
is the bottom flat to prevent tipping ? 
how long are the handles on these measuring spoons ? 
are these made of 18 10 steel ? 
is it easy to clean these replacement filters ? 
are these compatible with berkey 's pf-2 fluoride filters ? 
how long dose these filters last before buying new ones ? 
do the filters come with the wing nuts and rubber gasket to install 
what is the difference between these filters and the black ones that came with the berkey ? does the water touch any plastic in this filter ? 
do these filter out any heavy metals ? 
will these fit the american big berkey correctly ? 
is a wing nut and rubber orings or washers included ? 
does this work with corner ties on a duvet cover ? 
your website says products are `` designed '' in the u.s.a.. can you please specify where this specific product is made and if it uses any imported parts 
is this washable 
my couch is 114 inch will the cover fit it ? 
my arm chair 's back is 24 '' high do they fit my chair ? 
will they work on reclining sofa and recliner ? 
what size couch does it fit my couch is 78 '' 
does this work on a wooden bed frame ? 
my bed frame is basically a metal rectangle with feet at each corner and wooden slats resting across it : will this fit onto it to give center support ? 
will this help support a mattress that is sagging in the middle since the two `` feet '' appear to be close to the edge of the frame ? 
could these center supports be attached to wood bed rails ? 
does this cover fit standard queen size mattress . 
can you leave this on the mattress when you put it back in the sofa ? 
why is there a small rise ( hardly noticeable bulge , but you can feel it.. about 1 2 '' in diameter ) in the center on the inside the pan ? 
are these made in usa ? 
if you ca n't use soap to clean , what about bacterial food poisoning 
is the coating ptfe free ? 
what 's the diameter of the bottom ( outside ) ? 
i know it 's a twin size , but what 's the exact size of the mattress it requires ? 
what is the length of the space under the bed , from inside the rails ? 
is this bed too small for an 8 9 year old boy ? 
can i safetly use a toddler bed mattress on this loft bed ? 
how easy is it to put together and how big and heavy is the box that it comes in ? 
how does walmart sell one for $ 4 ? 
in what direction does the plastic wick part of the filter go ? 
will this fit pccm-840 model ? 
does it fit pccm-840 
how often should i replace the filter ? 
how many in box ? 
is this for just one filter 
i need a filter for a relion 832 that is almost 2 inches thick , the thinner ones do n't last . 
how long does the coffee stay warm ? 
is there a light at the fill bar 
is this programmable to set the night before ? 
can you put a tall to-go mug under the spout with ease 
is the water tank removable ? 
is the drip plate plastic on this model 
how long is the plug in cord ( inches ) ? 
what is the measurement and size of this grill and is it like grp4 the next grille ration grill 4-burger ? 
i need to replace the drip pan , but do n't see that as an accessory i can buy ? 
does this one have to preheat ? 
is this red red or pinky red 
what is the length of the cord on this grill ? 
is there a dripping tray 
country of origin ? 
does it come with a warranty ? 
does the food stick to the pans ? 
where the cookware is made ? 
is it made in germany ? 
do the handles get hot while cooking with induction ? 
is it induction compatible ? 
what are the diameters of each pot ? 
how many quarts is the largest bowl ? 
does anyone know the sizes of each of these bowls ? 
is there a drawer , or is it fake - just for looks 
does this table come fully assembled ? 
can this be put in the oven ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
where is this gummy bear mold made ? 
does this actually fit well on a queen bed ? 
does the duvet wash well or does it need to be ironed each time ? 
does it have corner ties to attach to the duvet insert ? 
whats the blades length 
is this knife a single or double ground edge ? 
is the nakiri double ground , as in sharpened on both sides ? 
is this knife double ground ? 
does this knife have a full tang ? 
does it make almond butter ? 
where can i buy replacement parts for this wet grinder specifically the wiper and wheels . 
can it be used for grinding cooked corn fine enough for mexican tortillas ? 
ultra grint 2 liter can grind how many messuring cups of rice at a time ? i want to make 50 idlys , so do i need 2 liter grinder or 1.5liter ? 
can the grinder be used for kneading chapati dough . 
is this machine or any of the other grinders you carry nsf certified ? 
can i add tablespoon of oil while grinding or while kneading ? 
how firm is the sit on a scale of 1-5 where 1 being soft and 5 being extra firm ? 
is it a wall hugger ? 
is this recliner available in any other colors 
what is the weight capacity of this love seat ? 
are the plates heavy ? 
where was the product made ? 
do these plates have a 1 '' flat edge around the circumference ? 
has anyone else had problems with this in the microwave ? 
does anyone know if the rachael ray eggplant color serving pieces coordinate with these dishes ? 
are the cereal bowls stackable so they take little room in cupboard 
a , re the dishes thin like corelle ? 
are they thin like corelle or like stoneware ? 
how does the upper tea pot stay warm on the golda stainless steel turkish tea maker ? 
just to clarify - do you heat water in the bottom pot , add that hot water to the top pot to steep the tea ? 
where is this product manufactured , please ? 
is this product bpa free ? 
are there any platics in this machine and would it be safe to travel all the way to ireland and get here in one piece ? 
what is the ph of the water that comes from the machine 
just bought this machine last night and after a couple cups of coffee , each one tastes like plastic ... anyone else ? 
does it have controls to produce hot water ? 
are the dispenser parts and water tank dishwasher safe ? 
does the keurig stop heating if the reservoir runs dry ? 
will this machine just dispense a cup of hot water so i can use a tea bag instead of the tea k cup ? 
what exactly is the water filter kit that is included ? 
how long does it take to brew a cup ? 
can you use regular tap water 
what 's up with the description ? 
are they made of plastic 
are they made in china ? 
what is the thread count ? 
is the outside of this comforter actually 100 % cotton or is it a cotton polyester blend ? 
what is the length and width ? 
how big of a room does it work in 
what is the size of the area it covers ? 
is the inside coated or just stainless steel ? 
where is it made ? 
so how do you drink out of this model ? 
do you have another color ? 
is it bpa free ? 
does this mug fit under a keurig k75 ? 
does the flame appear to have movement or is it just a picture of a flame ? 
does the led control display stay lit all the time or go dark ? 
is it plug and use or does it require hard wiring ? 
what is the heigth 
for those who are using this in a real fireplace , how are you getting electricity to it ? 
i have a real fireplace , 34x27 can i put this inside of it . 
does this have a fan or blower to distribute the heat ? 
need dimensions 
indicate width , heights & amp ; how deep , what numbers go with what ? 
where was it manufactured ? 
do you use this for yoga class ? 
if it states , `` 100 % cotton '' why does the product description say `` 60 % rayon '' , very misleading 
what color is this ? 
is this 18 10 stainless steel ? 
is the mesh fine enough to use this to rinse quinoa without the seeds falling through the mesh ? 
would this work as a reusable alternative to cheesecloth for straining homemade broth ? 
could this work to sift flour ? 
how deep is the bowl part of the strainer ? 
how long is this from end to end including the hook at the end ? 
would this work well for straining fresh milk ? 
who makes this and where is it made ? 
is this an alternative down comforter ? 
is this a mattress cover , not a pad , or topper , i want something that fits around my mattress like a fitted sheet 
does this pad wash well and keep it 's shape . 
does it have any layer to protect from an accident ? 
where is this product made ? 
does it add comfort to a hard mattress 
can it be used with heated mattress cover ? 
when you open the package does the mattress pad have a chemical smell ? 
matress pad or mattress topper what the different 
where can i get the thin plastic bars that go over the foil and wrap one was already broken when i opened up the package and the second one has broken 
the white plastic part inside broke right from the start , how can i get another one ? 
is it made of plastice or cardboard 
does the wrap come with the wraptastic 
how do you assemble unit 
what is the extra spring for ? 
where can i purchase refills for wraptastic ? 
is there a way that this can be mounted on a wall or under a cabinet ? 
what brands and sizes of plastic wrap & amp ; aluminum foil fits ? 
does it make cappuccino ? 
does it light up like the pixie ? 
are the parts dishwasher safe ? 
is it made in china or switzerland ? 
does this machine come with any of the espresso pods ? 
why is there a proposition 65 warning for nespresso citiz d111 ? 
does this machine can work in china at 220v 
is this product kosher ? 
what are the labeled ingredients ? 
anyone know how many medium size snow ones you can get out of a bottle ? 
how many oz 's are in each bottle ? 
are the bottles glass or plastic 
once open how long can the syrups be kept ? 
where is the used sell by information.there are different numbers on each bottle but nothing i can decipher . 
could these syrups be used with the sodastream machines , added to water to use as a drink ? 
is the chair heavy-duty enough for a 300 # person to sleep in on a regular basis ? 
does the chair rock when in reclined position ? 
is this a glider rocker ? 
is there a mop cleaning pad included ? 
can this item be used on 220v of power ? 
can this tray hold 187 ml champagne type bottles ? 
how many racks are included and how many bottles per rack total ? 
how much weight can it hold ? 
how i have to fold the organazer for storage it ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
will it do bigger knives like the bk 9 or the kabar potbelly thanks 
what is the difference between this and the apex 1 ? 
will this produce mirror edges ? 
how much does it weigh ? 
can it cook corndogs and it easy to clean and what type drian for the oil . 
how many watts is this deeper ? 
how many liter 
will it work on 220v 50 hertz power supply 
it looks the electric element comes out , is that true ? 
what 's the oil capacity 
how hot do it get 
is the basket and oil container dishwasher safe ? 
how thick is the plastic ? 
how thick are the bags ? 
i have a caso sealer how are the bags on this machine 
where are these bags made ? 
will these work with a food saver vacuum seal unit ? 
are these bags bpa free ? 
where are these bags made ? 
does it require distilled water or can you use tap water ? 
i wonder if this vacuum is at 220v 
i was wondering if the pads are reusable or do you need new pads everytime you use it ? 
can this be used on hardwood floors ? 
can it be used on an outdoor covered patio , and is it effective at removing stains ? 
are pads included 
does the mop work for laminate flooring ? 
what is the size of the seat ? 
what type of metal are these made of and are they actually 24 inches tall ? 
suggested weight limit ? 
what are the dimensions of the box they are shipped in ? 
i see a box spring is not required , but can a box spring be used ? 
does this come with the mattress ? 
can this frame be used with a full xl mattress ? 
does this need to be assembled ? 
i 'm missing the hardware for my table . 
would this quilt fit a cal king ? 
does this unit come with a drain hose that connects to the rear drain opening ? 
does it come with a manufacturer 's warranty ? 
is the set made out of glass ? 
the reviews are saying that the product comes in broken chipped pieces , has this extremely important problem been fixed ? 
how big is the chess board ? 
are there gaskets needed with this or is the lid self-sealing ( i know it 's not for canning ) . 
does the wide mouth cap fit the 8 cup ( half gallon ) mason jar ? 
how can i remove the lids that are stuck on to my jars ? 
do you have to sand the cabinets down first , or just wash them down . 
whats the difference between this product and latex semi-gloss paint 
will this paint on cabinets that is made of particle board ? 
can the finish stand up to light scrubbing for cleaning ? 
can you spray this instead of painting it normally ? 
does it come with only one piece or you can find the complete set 
type of nonstick ? 
is it flat or convex from the bottom ? 
does this come with spatula ? 
what is the thickness of this pan ? 
is it concave or is it flat ? 
is this non-stick enough to cook crepes on ? 
will this work on an induction top stove ? 
is it dishwasher safe ? 
what is the voltage ? 
how tall is the table ? 
can this kotatsu table apply to usa electric system ? 
what voltage does this table use ? 
does the table top lift up for futon or do i have to buy a table top ? 
is the heater included in this order ? 
is the background color white or beige ? 
dors amazon sell the rug pictured ? thank you ! 
is the comforter machine washable ? 
is the blue purple tinged ? 
how much of a pain is it to clean ? 
will this sideswipe fit my ksm90 tilt-head mixer ? 
will this fit kitchenaid pro kv25g0xcu 
i have model # ksm75 wh , will this beater fit it ? 
does this fit a kitchenaid k4-b ? 
will this fit kitchenaid ksm155gbeb ? 
is this cutting board dishwasher safe ? 
where is it made ? 
is this cutting board bpa free ? 
are thwe sheets soft 1500 thread count 100 % egyptian is that cotton or what 
what is the denier quality of the microfiber sheets shown here ? 
will these sheets fit on a 60 inches width bed ? 
are they pillow cases , or pillow shams ? 
does this have rubber wheels and is it good for hardwood floors ? 
will this work hardwood floors and carpets ? 
is it wall mountable ? 
is it ok if this vacuum is left on the charger most of the time ? 
does this model work well on high pile or shaggy rugs ? 
is it a lithiom ion battery and what voltage 
were is charging adaptor 
does this vacuum have crevice and brush tools . 
how long on average will these filters last assuming normal residential use ? 
do i need to use both filters ? 
does anyone know the shelf-life of unopened ( not yet used ) propur proone g 2.0 filters ? 
can you use a propur filter in a berkey container ? 
can propur replace black berkey filter ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what size batteries , and qty are required for this ? 
what kind of soap does it use 
can this pot be used to fry a turkey 
what is the thickness gauge of the pot ? 
are the handles riveted or spot welded ? 
we would be putting this in front of a window ... .is this self supporting or leaning ? 
if i left out the second shelf from the top ( so that i can fit a taller monitor ) , could i still close the desk ? 
how high is the `` desk shelf '' from the floor ? 
would a 26.5 '' wide tv fit on the top shelf ( how wide is the actual surface of the top shelf , not including the side pieces ? ) 
i wonder if this brand makes rice cookers that can be used in europe ( 220v ) ? 
does it have a steamer insert ? 
i want to know that rice cooker pot made from japan ? 
is the capacity of 10 cups cooked or uncooked ? 
may i know is this made is china or made in japan ? 
is there a steam basket ? 
is it breathable ? 
does it stay on a memory foam mattress correctly or does it end up being on a diagonal after a few nights use ? 
is it fully waterproof 
will it fit a queen size with a pillowtop ? 
queen size says it is 11 '' deep but wondering if anyone knows if there 's enough extra room to get around my 13 '' mattress ? 
can these towels be used to dry stainless steel cookware ? 
are these towels good for cleaning car windshields ? 
is the blue stripe ticking woven into the cloth , or is it printed ? 
are the yellow towels the soft gold or bright yellow , the pics show both ? 
are the towels wrinkle free ? 
do the napkins have a blue stripe as pictured or are they solid white ? 
what are the `` seat '' hieght measurements not overall ? 
are they easy to assemble ? 
how much is base radius 
can i insert a glass bowl coming from the oven into to this chafing dish ? 
can you put the removable dish in oven to cook in it then set on warmer tray to keep warm ? 
what is the watt power of this unit ? 
do you put water in the lower pan 
what is the approximate diameter ? 
how much watts does it use ? 
is the removable dish oven safe ? 
are these sold a singles ? 
what are the dimesions of the box ? 
does this come assembled ? 
is it made of particle board , not solid wood ? 
what is the overall size 
what material is it made out of ? 
does this come with a strap brace to mount it to the wall to prevent tipping ? 
the overall dimensions are : 41.1 ( wide ) x 15.5 ( deep ) x 32.8 ( tall ) inches but what is the height of the toy and book area separately ? 
can two units be stacked on top of each other ( maybe without using the legs ) ? 
where can you buy replacement funnel 
how often do you have to change the water ? 
can you empty the water and wash the pillow in a washing machine ? 
what is the size of the pillow ? 
does it stay cool ? 
what is the difference between this premium version and the standard model 1006 ? 
has anyone reading this tried filling the pouch with something like buckwheat husks instead of water ? 
are the handles on the 12 '' or 14 '' sides ? 
because the baskets are tapered , i do n't know if the bottom of the basket measures 12 '' across or the top of the basket measures 12 '' across . 
does the wand clip onto the canister body so it can be stored fully upright with minimal footprint ? 
where can i order a replacement for the hardwood floor attachment ? 
how do i get the owners manual for the gv x12 ? 
is it suppose to heat like a oven when in use ? 
manual 
does this vacuum have a blower port ? 
where do i get replacement bags 
will it hold the dvd 's in the plasctic cases that they are purchased in ? 
are the sleeves numbered ? 
are these cd sleeves good to place 1 cd in every side with all the inserts ? 
will the cds dvds stay in place , if the case is stored on it 's side ? 
does this include the actual dvd sleeves or are those sold separatly ? 
what is the diameter 
does the infuser include a twist on cap so that i can use it inside a 1 2 gallon mason jar for sun tea ? 
how tall is it without the extender ? 
does it come with a lid 
does this infuser include the extender ? 
will this fit in the takeya 2qt air tight drink maker ? 
would love to have clean white towels in the kitchen-how do you keep them nice and white ? 
are these towels suitable for painting with fabric paint ( want to make my own designs ) ? 
it looks like there is a blue thread border ... is this just the photo line or are the towels completely white ? 
what size hose - id od - do i need ? 
how many inches high is the probe for the thermometer or how many gallons of liquid does it take to cover the probe completely ? 
how tall is this unit ( in inches ) i want to make sure it will fit on my stovetop under my hood fan . 
is this made in the usa ? 
what is the diameter of the kettle ? 
did you pair this with a box spring ? 
does this mattress have an odor ? 
does the frame thingy ( & lt ; -- lol ) come with it , or is it just the mattress ? 
what are the dimensions of this item ? 
do reusable straws fit in the opening or just disposable ones ? 
could this be used to help pour from a mason jar or is it just for sipping ? 
how many do you get in a pack ? 
are they dishwasher safe ? 
is this a pack of 2 ? 
my question is what bands to use because the ball jar bands rust easily ? 
would a 750ml bottle of patron fit ? 
it 's rotatable ? 
hello , its a rotating model ? 
what 's the biggest size of bottle can this dispenser hold ? 
is this a rotating caddy ? 
does the 6-bottle caddy also have led lights or just the 4-bottle caddy ? 
i need your caddie for fruit purees ... the bottle top is bigger than a standard booze bottle ... will this hold a bigger bottles ? 
how can i get replacement parts for liquor dispenser . 
how do you take it off to stir without causing water spillage ? 
does this work with a vegetable steamer or does all the steam come out ? 
is this brand easy to clean ( vs the kuhn rikon ) ? 
are these 100 % food-grade silicone ? 
would this work for cooking rice ? 
what is the outside diameter ? 
how do i keep it from raising the cover up and boiling out under the lid ? 
are there ties inside duvet to secure a duvet insert ? 
does anyone know what size the queen is ? 
does the duvet wash well or does it need to be ironed ? 
what 's the thread count ? 
can this unit be used on laminate floors ? 
does this come with a triangle shaped head to use on floor ? 
does it work under 220 230v ac ? 
voltage 
does it come with a carpet glide ? 
does this disinfect without having to sit on the surface for 15+ seconds ? 
is available in 220v ? 
are the handles , bowls , tines , blades 18 10 stainless steel or are they a lesser nickle content ? 
where are these pots made ? 
how well does this work with induction ? 
are these pots oven safe ? 
glasstop 
is it a oem part 
is this oem ? 
does this part fit a whirlpool wfw8500sr00 machine ? 
will this fit on a wfw9450ww00 
will this work on a wfw8400tb00 model duet sport ? 
hi will it work with whirlpool wfw9550wr00 ? 
will this fit on model # wfw8410swoo ? 
will this fit whirlpool wfw8300sw04 ? 
how many watts does this have ? 
how many sets of blades come with this ? 
i would also like to know how i can just buy the bowls - already have the chopper . 
banana for scale ? 
where is it made in ? 
does this come in plain red with no fruit design 
can it be used on induction cook top ? 
how heavy is this wok ? 
are the pillows attached ? 
what 's this size for each one 
what are the dimensions of this item ? & # xff08 ; not the packaging size & # xff09 ; 
what is the height ? 
what is the maximum weight they will support ? 
can casters be added to the bottom to make this a rolling bar stool ? 
what is the width of the seat ? 
does the power cord come fron the bottom of the pedestal or the back of the blade assembly ? 
why is there a picture of the remote , but not listed as having a remote ? 
are there controls on the fan itself without having to use the remote ? 
where do you store the remote 
can this fan be used in a `` stationary '' way , that is , not in the oscillation way where the fan head turns constantly ? 
does this fan have a timer ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is the depth on this microwave ? 
how many amps is this ? 
dimensions 
can i use metal utensils on theses ? 
what type of warrenty does this come with ? 
can i use it on ceramic glass stovetop ? 
is it induction capable ? 
are they dishwasher safe 
i see 17 pieces what is the list of everthing that comes in the set 
how many ounces does each cavity hold ? 
what is the approximate size ( inches or centimeters ) of each cup ? 
would this work on making candle wax tarts ? 
are these bpa free ? 
is this press good for bacon ? 
why not have a 10x10 square cover ? 
does the 8.5 pres l8sgp3 fit the 10.5 skillet 
can pets be allowed in the area while it is running ? 
does this unit have a fan inside and , if so , what is the cfm rating . 
would it work to neutralize fresh paint odors ? 
how soon after it shuts off can you reenter the space it was running in ? 
is there any chemicals you have to purchase for this machine ? 
what at the minimum and maximum seat height adjustments ? 
how do i adjust the height ? 
how do i take this stool apart crocus walnut and black modern bar stool 
how high in inches does the seat raise to ? 
can you make yogurt pops with this mold ? 
this is for the oven , right ? 
where was this made ? 
what is the shipping time ? 
what is the volume of this container ? 
does this do anything to keep ground coffee fresher ? 
my container never came with the scoop like the description says , how do i go about getting the scoop ? 
how long is the metal stem portion of this thermometer ? 
how long does it take to register temperature ? 
how is it for changing the battery ? 
does it have a lighted display ? 
can you calibrate it ? 
does it have a strong smell ? 
what chemicals were used on this to make it flame retardant ? 
how high is the back of chair from the ground up ? 
is chairs a set of 2 
what color are the legs , brown wood ? 
what color is the seat ? 
is the fabric microfiber-love the color 
need length with leaves folded , please 
can it be pre assembled 
is the juice bottle glass as well ? 
is the juice bottle made of glass or plastic ? 
can you put your name on the communion set 
how do you take it apart to clean it ? 
anyone know how many amps this fan draws on dc ? 
is this fan adjustable , ie , what are the angles of adjustment , 70 & deg ; ,90 & deg ; ,120 & deg ; etc . 
hi , would you recommend this fan to the beach ? 
can function when the base is closed ? 
is the tilt adjustable ? 
does this fan have a handle like the earlier version ? 
is epica battery fan the same product as o2cool new 10in battery operated fan 
is it alright in rain ? 
does this product come with just a comforter or does it include sheets as well ? 
will i still need to use a crock rock or other weight with these caps ? 
how long do the gaskets and grommets last ? 
is there a recommended book to explain pickling ? 
i need these lids and airlocks to fit this 1 gallon jar : http : www.amazon.com gp product b006 ... they fit ? 
are the rings and grommets bpa free as well ? 
i have bad joints will these be terribly hard to assemble , clean , and tighten to use ? 
is this glass or plastic ? 
is this price for all three pieces or per piece ? 
is this item real wood ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how many ounces is each glass ? 
how many oz is this ? 
this is made in china , not usa ? 
is sole plate stainless steel ? 
can the handle of the iron fold down or go flat 
what are the dimentions ? 
what is the wattage of this iron ? 
how deep are the pockets on the fitted sheet ? 
what is the quality of the sheets 
what does it come with 
how does this hold up over time and many washings ? 
what brand is this comforter ? 
machine washable ? 
item model number : mz10-085 - what is the thread count of this item ? 
could i use metal and or plastic cookie cutters to cut out cookie dough on this mat ? 
does this mat have any bad odor ? 
where can i see an example of the iphone 4s 's record of daily weights ? 
does this work with the samsung galaxy s5 
what apps will this upload to ? 
does this support iphone 4 ans 4s as well ? 
can this couch withstand dogs playing on it ? 
what are the dimensions of the sofa when it is fully reclined with the trundle in the up position ? 
i see dimensions listed as 82.5 x 63 x 15.5 -- is that based on just the seat and trundle , or is that the size after the back as been fully reclined ? 
can i fit this into an upstairs that stair way is only 30 '' wide ? 
do you ship furniture to australia ? 
are there chairs that match this sofa bed ? 
is it comfortable enough to sleep on nightly 
will this fit through a standard size door ? 
do you have white ? 
is this the high loft or the low loft pillow ? 
how did you air it out ? 
i have a king bed with king pillow cases wll this king pillow be smaller 
the product has a 5 year warranty , does this warranty cover the product going flat or losing it 's shape ? 
if used w o a cover , would the gel channels on the pillow leave marks impressions on your skin , or is the surface smoother than it appears in photos ? 
is the silver dark are light color 
are the flat sheets wide enough ? 
are these satin sheets or just cotton sheets 
would this cover a pillowtop matress 
did anyone have a problem getting this chair through their doorways ? 
my father in law is 5'10 '' will it be long enough for him ? 
how much weight will chair hold ? 
what is the seat width ? 
what is the weight capacity on this chair ? 
can you raise the footrest up without reclining the seat ? 
where does the battery box with power cord store or does it lay on floor 
what 's the difference between this and cuisinart 77-7 ? 
does the lid for the stock pot fit on the skillet ? 
where are these made ? 
do any of the pots come with a steamer insert ? 
do any of these sets come so you can stack them easily ? 
is it 18 10 
why are they so expensive ? 
where is this dinnerware made ? 
does anyone know if this dinnerware set does not contain lead or traces of lead or cadmium ? 
what are the plates and bowls made out of ? 
what country was this set made in ? 
what is the size of the dinner plates ? 
are there any matching serving plates ? 
has anyone found square corelle serving pieces that match this ? . 
is is in white or off white 
do the dividers come out of any of the drawers ? 
is this too good to be true that all 11 reviews are 5 stars is this product this amazing i want to purchase this for my daughter who has lots makeup 
what drawers have dividers , and how many sections ? 
are the seat cushions removable , and are they fabric on the other side ? 
i want to ask people who have had this sofa set for more than a year i have read a few comments about the frame being made by cheap material ( i know that at this price you can not be too picky ) but i do n't want to spend money in something that will only ... 
size of sofa , loveseat , need to fit in small room 
is there anyway to buy just the loveseat ? 
how many throw pillows does the sofa and loveseat come with ? 
are the pillows included ? 
is it for 9 year olds 
how much weight can this bed support ? 
is the slide made of wood ? 
is the space below good for putting another twin size mattress on the floor ? 
does the matress come with it and if not what size dimensions do i need ? 
is the bed with the pink tent , white ? 
if i pour the water out before it boils , will the level switch off automatically or will it continue to boil after i put back the empty pot ? 
does it have a small plastic piece inside that touches boiling water , and lead to external water level indicator ? 
where was this made ? 
what is the height of this holder ? 
this pic shows the rack will hold 4 plates , but your descrip says 3. please confirm which ? 
what size plates will this hold ? 
would this be able to hold bowels they are a bit flatter than normal bowls ? 
is this flat aginst the wall or is it supposed to curve ? 
what is the height between the wood platform and the shelf above it ? 
are any of the shelves glass ? 
is there a place to hang wine glasses ? 
can this be used on an outdoor patio ? 
what is the total width of the bakers rack ? 
is this dutch oven stove to oven safe ? 
where are they made 
what is the diameter of the bottom ? 
can you use it on the charcoal grill 
is it enameled inside as well ? 
is this a complete set , with flat , fitted and two standard pillow cases ? 
what is cotton sateen ? 
what is the exact size of the sheet set ? 
manufacturer says `` 100 % cotton '' why does user say it is microfiber ? 
does this include the pillowcases ? 
does this include the pillowcases ? 
why are they so inexpensive ? 
can the lunch bag collapse after it is emptied to fit into a backpack ? 
can a 3 sectional tupperware lunch plate fit flat in the bottom of this lunch bag ? 
do i need to buy an ice pack to go inside this bag ? 
how do you get the spice refills ? 
how many ounces does each jar hold ? 
does the used spice rack have de 5 yrs refill too ? 
does the refills come with glass bottles or just in sealed bags ? 
what are the 16 spices included ? 
are these sheets nice and thick ? 
what is the material ? 
what are the measurements ? 
does it have to be placed near a window 
what is the diamater of the exhaust hose ? 
is this portable ac savings energy system ? 
does it come with a water tack if it does how big is it 
would like to know how deep the seat is and how long and the height from the floor to the seat . 
does it have a sleeping bag attached ? 
is it durable enough for an adult to lie on it when folded out ? 
does it have a slee ping bag attached ? 
how long is it when it is folded out ? 
what are the measurements of this ? 
is there anyway to personalize this flask with lettering or engraving ? 
how many oz 's does the flask hold ? 
just wondering if this has any where it can be engraved after i receive it 
does this flask come with a filling funnel ? 
what are the dimensions of this item 
how do you remove brush and replace with new one ! 
about how often do the brushes need to be replaced ? 
what is the length of this brush ? 
how long is this brush ? 
can we put hot liquids in these cups ? 
is this for 1 or 2 cups 
are these 3 or 4 inches in diameter ? 
are cups bph-free ? 
will it attach to the original magic bullet blade ? 
are these freezer safe ? 
is this for 1 or 2 mugs ? 
are these bigger than the usual magic bullet short and tall cups ? 
will it work on induction cooktop ? 
is this dishwasher safe ? 
where is it made ? 
what width of ribbon would fit in the pre drilled holes ? 
can a 4in shot glass fit into this box 
will this box hold a cd case 
how many ounces do these favors each hold ? 
is this curtain clear ? 
is this a fabric shower curtain or plastic ? 
does the ozeri deluxe milk frother heat up milk as well as frothing it ? 
how hard are the attachments to remove and have they fallen off like some reviewers expressed ? 
if i want to make fruit milkshake can i do with this product ? 
how dependable are the attachments ? 
how do i change attachments ? 
is there a warranty on this product ? 
is the pillowcase the plain pink or the one with the princesses 
does this comforter wash well or does it bunch up after washing ? 
does it include the flat sheet ? 
is the material cotton ? 
could i put my dvd player in the shelf , then could i set my 32 '' flat screen tv on top of the shelf ? 
do these shelves have pre- notched hanger holes on back to hang vertical or horiontal ? 
what type of hanging system does it come with ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
what is loading weight ? 
will it weigh to an accuracy of 0.01 kg ? 
my scale would n't work with just the 9 volt battery , i had to plug it into the wall which was useless being we needed this to be portable ? 
i just received my scale and it does n't show a weight just shows zero why ? 
does this scale tell how much it cost to send something i am looking for a new scale for office my scale will not download new postage rates 
do you have to plug in to a power source or will run on a battery ? 
does it come with a power cord ? 
what is the limit on this scale ? 
does this have a usb connection ? 
what is its accuracy ? 
where did you find a frame to fit this dimension ( 81.9 x 58.2 cm ) ? 
shipping question - any input is appreciated - how many business days from order to receipt ? 
is this a scratch off map by luckies ? 
are the 50 states of the united states labeled or at least outlined on the map ? 
i ca n't find the dimensions of the map , how big is this ? 
how do you scratch off the map ? 
what if you accidentally scratch a country can you unscratch it ? 
does it warp on glass cooktop ? 
can this pan be used on an induction cooker ? 
how do the lids attach to the unit ? 
is it battery powerd or or a c 
does it come with the jars 
how easy is it to replace the batteries ? 
how many bottles-jars will it hold ? 
anyone know where i can buy extra jars and lids for this device ? 
hi my fridge is slightly curved , should the chalkboard fit or it 's too rigid ? 
can you use regular chalk with this ? 
does this come with magnets , or do you need to buy separately ? 
what are the dimensions please ? 
dimensions , please 
did anyone else not get the express buttons.. ? 
what are the inside dimensions ? 
does this microwave have an internal light . 
has anyone had rust problems with this microwave oven ? 
is this a loud microwave ? 
what is the size of the turntable 
how deep is it ? 
is it 6 inches across the top from inside rim to rim or 6 inches across the bottom of the plate ? 
how deep is this pan ? 
what are the measurements ? 
is the wine glass rack removable ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
how many dishes can it hold ? 
are the 4 rubber pieces to place on the legs ? 
is this thermos spill proof ? 
is this funtainer good for hot drinks as well ? 
does it share the same size of cap with the 12oz bottles ? 
where is this made ? 
is it a straw bottle ? 
is this machine washable ? 
is this a baby blue or a greenish blue ? 
the comforter has the blue it or it is just the pillows 
what are the dimensions of this hutch ? 
what are dimensions inside the cabinet ( not of the entire hutch ) ? 
does this have to be hung- or could it sit on a desk ? 
is the mug microwaveable ? 
do you have male pictures 
where is it made ? 
where are these made ? 
if you twist or pinch the silicone does the color turn to white ? 
how do you fill them easily , esp with thicker contents like yogurt ? 
do these smell `` plasticky '' after washing ? 
do they leak ? 
how much pork ribs will fit in it ? 
does it come with a recipe book , or manual to explain how to use this oven ? 
do you have to light the wood chips before insering the pockets or is there some kind of self-ignitor that does it ? 
can you use this to warm up pre cooked barbeque to serve on a bun . 
can you use stovetop smoker shaving 
can you easily turn the flow of steam off and on . 
what is the hight of the telescopic part ? 
does this have a metal head ? 
how long can i expect this to last ? 
what is difference between is 9100 and is 9200 ? 
what is the width at the widest part ? 
what is hose length ? 
could you please let me know the voltage of it ? 
does this barrel dispense and come with stopper and spout 
are the barrels varnished , or are they raw oak ? 
hello , does this include the barrel stand ? 
how do i get it engraved when ordering ? 
is it possible to engrave letters on the barrel with this particular company ? 
what is the drop length ? 
are the corners cut on the end where a footboard would be so that it fits properly with a footboard ? 
what is the drop from top to floor for this bed skirt ? 
is this four-sided , so that the skirt drapes on all sides of the bed ? 
does the outdoor unit come with brackets to mount it on ? 
how is the heat function in winter ? 
what is the lowest possible a c setting ? 
is this unit pre-charged ? 
are you saying i should set the temperature at 75 if the room is temperature is 65 ? 
what sizes are the 4 bowls ? 
are the lids awesomely fitting ? 
do you get 4 or 5 bowls ? 
how do you prime the pump so as not to run it dry ? 
is this the pump head only ( as the headline reads ) or the entire pump ? 
do i need to oil this before i use it ? 
is 6 pounds the shipping weigth ? 
can this pump be used with 230v 50hz mains electricity ? 
can this handle somewhat thicker liquids like apple sauce or ketchup ? 
does the motor comes with pump head ? 
is this to purchase the whole pump or just the head as stated in the previous customers comment ? 
how is it finished ? 
does this require paint or shellac ? 
what is height of this table ? 
what size table cloth would i use for this to cover the table down to the floor ? 
diameter and height 
is it 30 ' round ? 
how tall is this table ? 
decorative round table - what size tablecloth should i buy so that it covers to the floor 
what is the diameter of one of these tables ? 
what is the diameter of the table top ? 
is there a double size one ? 
is this comforter reversible ? 
does this come with a pillow sham or bedskirt ? 
as measured dimenciones packaging package delivery or mattel 64-inch by 86-inch microfiber comforter , monster high ghouls rule , twin 
is this actually microfiber or is it the same comforter they sell at target ? 
do sheets come with the comforter ? 
does it come with a bung , spigot , and stand ? 
is the inside charred ? 
where is this product assembled ? 
does the barrel head ( flat part ) come off if needed , or is the whole thing assembled permanently already ? 
is this guaranteed to hold liquid ? 
how do you personalize it ? 
other than the shape , what is the difference between the 590 and the 790. also , what does 1.0 vs 3.0 mean ? 
ware i can find replenishment kit for lg ? 
does this model have a feature for wet-mopping floors ? 
is the unit 110-220v compatible ? 
can you select a different language ( guidance voice ) ? 
we have two floors - will it understand there are two different maps it needs to learn ? 
do you offer international shipping to `` kuwait international airport '' ? 
where can you buy replacement filters 
where could i buy the lg replacement parts , mainly the small brush , roller brush and the filter ? 
what are the sizes of the 3 knives i could n't find them ? 
are these blade using petec technique ? 
is there a life-time guarantee 
do these come in reusable packaging for storage or travel ? 
what is the difference between wusthof and wusthof ii 
does it come with the hose and regulator kit ? 
i would like to fit this stove in a small space are the dimensions of the feet and top square 9 1 2 x 9 1 2 ? 
can you use it for pressure canning ? 
can this be run with natural gas instead of propane ? 
is the spigot metal or plastic ? 
is this glass or plastic ? 
can i purchase just the galvanized stand ? 
can i purchase just the galvanized base only ? 
this stand and bottle of glass or was included together ? 
can the stand also be used as an ice bucket ? 
is this made in the usa 
when humidity setting is reached , does the whole unit turn off or just the compressor , meaning does the fan always run ? 
how many amps does it use and is a special plug required ? 
what is the warranty 
how many coils in the twin mattress please 
can i use this mattress on a frame without a box spring ? 
do you like the mattress-in-a-box ? 
how does weight does the twin hold ? 
can this mattress be flipped over to the other side and used that way also ? 
can any one tell me how good for sleeping in night for 5.6 feet guys 
what is the weight limit for sitting sleeping ? 
how easy is the assembly ? 
dose it come with the legs for i never got any ! 
hey gys is 5.8 feet guys feet while sleping ? and how comfort its for sleeping ? 
what is the table height ? 
i know this is an odd question , but what is the height of the metal poles supporting the glass top ? 
what is the length of the table 
what are the dimensions of this product ? 
is there a matching end table ? 
what is the thickness of the glass ? 
where can replacement parts be ordered from 
how long is the cord from the heater to the control ? 
now heater has stopped so need new one , it has been around 2 years but bed never got above 77 degrees ? 
what are the dimensions of the heating mat ? 
i have a king size soft side waterbed.can i use this heater with it ? 
will this heater accomadate a king size bed ? 
can cooks standard 13 '' steamer for chef 's pan fit on top of another of the same steamer ? 
my pan measures 11 & amp ; a half inches will this steamer work with this pot 
can two of these be used , stacked on top of one another atop the cooks standard wok ? 
i 'm confused , do you place this over the rim of the pot below ? 
what 's the height of this insert ? 
does this steamer ( model nc-00247 ) fit any all-clad or calphalon stainless steel pans or pots or dutch ovens ? 
i 'm trying to figure out which all clad products this will fit on 
does this grinder have plastic or metal gears ? 
how much horsepower is the motor 
what is the manufacturers warrantee on this grinder ? 
how do you remove it from the can when it is stopped and will not run ? 
what size cans will it work with ? 
is the battery compartment where you can change batteries if it stops on top of can ? 
is this the same design as the original one touch can opener ( as seen on tv ) , and does it work as good as the original ? 
does it work with square cans ? 
does it stops automatically after the cut is done ? 
has anyone out there who has purchased this item used the finished butcher block as a work surface ? 
hardwood butcher block top finished in vintage caramel finish..is surface microbial ? 
is it possible to add casters wheels to this ? 
what is the height between the lower shelf and the upper shelf ( where the mixer is in the image ) ? 
is this island counter height ? 
can you put hot pans on the butcher block ? 
what is the measured thickness of the wooden top ? 
is there any plastic on the inside ? 
does the lid come off or is attached by a hinge ? 
does plastic come into contact with the water at all ? 
what is the actual height i have seen 24 1 4 and 25 
is there some advantage to leaded glass ? 
is this product solid wood or particle board ? 
does the glass front interfere with the signals from the tv and cable remotes ? 
is this unit fully enclosed ? 
what is the seat height ? 
how much weight can it support ? 
does this chaise contain toxic flame retardants ? 
is the back 32 '' off the floor at it 's highest and the bench itself a 26.5 '' wide seating area , or the other way around ? 
how many ounces do the mugs hold ? 
are they dishwasher and microwave safe ? 
do they chip or crack easy ? 
where are they made ? 
what size is dinner plate in this set ? 
what are these plates made out of ? 
do they chip easy ? 
what is the length and width of this spatula ? 
can the comforter fit inside the duvet ? 
what is the material content of the duvet cover ? 
how long does it take to ship ? 
does the color stay true to the picture ? 
are there ties 
does it have a zipper or buttons ? 
can i use with size 98x108 comforter ? 
is it fda approved food grade silicone ? 
what are the dimensions of each heart ? 
can this go in oven ? 
what are the dimensions of each cavity ? 
will this sheet fit an 18 '' mattress ? 
do these sheets come with 2 pillow cases ? 
does it pill ? 
what is the thread count of this sheet ? 
does it come with pillowcases too ? 
is it gon na be good tight enough for a 8 '' mattress ? 
it this a shallow or deep pocket sheet ? 
about how many standard size cupcakes fit on this stand ? 
shipping weight ? 
what is the diameter of the tiers ? 
what is the diameter of the tiers ? 
does it have a strong smell ? 
what chemicals were used on this to make it flame retardant ? 
where do i find instructions for installing the new part ? 
will this fit a hon model d7442ab , serial 3ifw7 , made in 11 98. inner cylinder 1.1 '' , outer cylinder 1.5 '' , inner cylinder about 10.25 '' long ? 
bought a big boss office chair in 2011 will this hydrolic fit 
will this fit an aeron chair ? 
is the black plastic cap shown in one image left on when installed , or is it just used for protection during shipment ? 
how weight will it surport ? 
can this table be stained to a darker tint ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
is the back cardboard or wood laminate 
has the quality of material got any better ? 
how deep are the shelves ( 8 inches 12 inches ) ? 
how tall are each of the shelves ? 
is the wood particle board ? 
what size over all ? 
what is the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions 
what are the dimensions ? 
what are the dimensions ? 
would it be possible to hang these without the back piece and have the wall show through ? 
what is the weight limit for each shelf ? 
what coffee does it use ? 
can you use this to just heat water for tea ? 
is this item bpa free ? 
how tall is this product ? 
what kind of coffee does it use ? 
has the original design been redone after some of the flaws cited by various reviews ? 
are the ice balls as clear as the pictures ? 
do these fit in a glencairn whiskey glass ? 
do these stack ? 
is the rox ice ball maker dishwasher safe ? 
where you can find directions for use ? 
where was this product manufactured ? 
is there any way i can make the ice more transparent , with less suspended air bubbles ? 
what are the dimensions of the trays ? 
is the outside of the locker magnetic ? 
can a lock either combination or key be used 
how would you suggest anchoring this to the wall ? 
will it sit on thick carpeting pretty well without tipping ? 
can you buy more shelves to go in it ? 
do these come with attachable legs ? 
does it have a retractable cord ? 
how much does this vacuum weigh ? 
what is the differene between this model and the green one that is a little cheaper ( and seems to have a lot of negative reviews ) ? 
can it be used on cermaic tile 
how many ounces is each square ? 
is the diameter at the top of the cavity the same as the bottom diameter ? 
are these safe to use in any type of oven ? 
