my door fits too tightly for me to be able to use the brackets , and i do n't have the brackets any more . but maybe this will help : it is 42 inches from the ironing surface to the center of the small holes that are in the vertical center of the horizontal pipe at the top of the frame . the brackets were supposed to fit into the holes . the brackets were about 4 or 5 inches long . so the number you want is approximately 46 or 47 inches . if someone can provide the exact length of the brackets , you can get a more exact number . 
mine arrived with 2 sets of door hangers . one for the average size door & another for a thicker door . if it 's too large you can always fit cardboard under it to make it fit . my only problem was there is no anchor for the bottom part & it bounces back and forth with a swinging door which i easily fixed with some paracord . 
yes 
as long as the dorm room has a closet with a door that opens and swings out . not sliding doors . it is a bit delicate but , it comes in very handy for some ironing . i like it and find it to be very helpful . it would have to be used only as an ironing board . it would not hold anything heavy . i hope you found this helpful . 
i am currently not at home where the board is but i am 5'3 '' and it is about at my waist . it is comfortable for me . 
just let it melt at room tempreture for 20 or 30 minutes , squeeze the mold back together sealing properly and re-freeze . the melted water fills the cracks and it comes out smooth without cracks . use distilled water for best results . 
2.5 inches 
um ... they are made in china , not the usa ! 
old fashioned liquor drinks . 
43.5 '' tall 
it is somewhat smooth but has a slight bit of texture ... a glass would sit flat ... 
i 'm not sure but i have now used this table for several parties . four or five people stand around them , lean on them , put their drinks on them and i usually have a heavy floral arrangement on each and they hold up fine . hope this helps . they are a strong and sturdy table . 
almost instantly . it is jus a matter of unfolding it . 
i would say 4 ft. i had it open the other day and it is chest high on me and i 'm 5 ' 6 '' . i will tell you it is super easy to set up . i relly love it ! 
i bought this recently and i do n't think that would work very well to be honest . it 's relatively sturdy with just 1 but placing a second on top of it might be tough . 
there 's no wheel on the bottom.you might be able to add some . 
no . the legs do n't fit into another stand . 
no , they have their own pump and the food saver hose will not fit the round recess in these lids . 
yes , it 's the perfect color white too . it 's bright but not overwhelming or fake looking . 
not unless there 's something uneven you will see , like peeling varnish . just clean them . 
yes , this is the closest to pure white i have found . it has more of a grayish tint- bright white vs. a warm white tellow . i only notice the difference because my cabinets were already white , and i can tell the subtle difference between my old paint ( t was a white with yellow ) 
there are several colors to choose from i liked the bombay black to go with my nuvo titainium white cabinet paint.looks great go to gianti.com for more informatiom . hope this helped . 
47 '' lx36 '' h x 21 '' w 
permanent 
unfortunately , no . it is a free swinging wooden leg between two wooden guides as a track . could be easily modified if you really wanted . 
hi - no the lip is n't removable . it does jut up a tiny amount , which is where my wrists rest , if needing to be seated & drawing but on the whole it 's not a problem . i tend to stand most of the time . 
the tilt table area is 32 '' x21 '' . the flat table area is 15.5 '' x21 '' . 
looks like press board side and wood veneers 
i will say it holds only the 10 pounds 
the four shelves will turn out equal sizes . the shelf height is about 4 inches . so if your receiver is really fat it might not fit inside the shelf . you might end up placing it on the top . 
i had to replace the same piece . it was necessary to contact samsung directly . 
just bought a dyson city vac . it has a small power-head but seems to have good suction and i love the attachments and the overall versatility of the machine . i liked the samsung power-head really well for carpets however , the wand of my samsung broke and they seemingly were n't able to replace it . samsung has very poor customer service . friendly but not helpful . we made several calls to samsung and were refunded for the vacuum . you may want to check them out on the better business bureau website . dyson is known for quality customer service . 
really good . i do n't think it 's totally clear in the description that there are two different heads for the vacuum . one for hardwoods and one for carpets . i think they both work really well three levels of section really help 
the handle is long enough for use but it has a problem breaking at the top where you see the handle and they do n't have replacement parts for it unless you purchase the a new hose and head for $ 110.00 . there are no replacement parts for this unit samsung dropped the ball on there first vacuum ( no parts ) the only good review i can give is it has great suction . 
if you already on this vacuum you can call samsung customer service for a retailer . if you have n't bought this product do not but it . it is very poorly made . the wand broke within 4 weeks and samsung has been a nightmare of nonresponsiveness . if you own it you have my condolences . 
it is quite big . i would say yes cause it can cover the top of my queen size bed . hope this helps . i do n't have a full size be to checkit out for you . 
there are some pillowcases on amazon but not sure if they are the same . 
just a blanket ... 
yes . but instructions had to be e-mailed to me . it also does n't provide a pin guide with roller like thousand other doors so if you are placing it somewhere that you need to remove one side ( such as an a c unit ) in order to pull the filter to clean it , suggest you go to hd or lowes and buy one from masonite or jeld-wen . there you can also return if you have issues . 
we do not have them in that size , sorry about that . thanks aaron 
hello , we only have bifold , sorry about that , i am not sure if you would be able to modify them or not . 
it does not 
`` large '' as in thick or as in tall ? it can handle bagels with ease , so thickness of bread is not a problem . as for the height , i make my own homemade bread in a bread machine and have to cut about an inch or so off the top for the entire piece of bread to toast . 
if you use the cord clip on the bottom , the cord exits out the right side of the toaster . the cord is approximately 34 '' and can be shortened by wrapping it around posts on the bottom . 
900 watts 
yes it is . we arev very pleased with this purchase . 
yes 
the price was good and it had the features i wanted . it has wider slots for bagels and it 's pretty hard to burn the toast . i am very happy that i did purchase this toaster as it does everything that i hoped for . 
yes but this toaster has toasted unevenly . i would not recommend it . 
i 've always gotten a starter pack of . 10 or so capsules with every machine , but you 'd do well to order a real supply of capsules from nespresso.com after you order th machine ... . 
it does not . but the machine works great ! 
no . 
it fits 18 '' mattress very well , so maybe a little bigger ? 
silky 
hello , that is the correct thread count . they are microfiber and they are quite soft . 
100 % polyester 
the pour over brewer uses # 2 coffee filters . 
no zipper . just one long luxurious pillowcase of that sweet egyptian cotton . 
white , plain and simple . 
white 
i do n't know , but there was no cigarette smell when i opened them . i always throw new linens immediately into the washing machine to get out the finish from the factory , but i did n't smell anything . they were a slightly better quality fabric than the others i have purchased for body pillows . 
it 's a bit tricky . u have to get ur fingers on each side of the filter and pull it up . as long as ur fingers are across from each other and u pull it with equal pressure on both sides it should come out more easily . 
yes parts and accessories are available at target.com , accessory kits are very common . some of the parts for the motor etc , mechanical parts may have to come from someone like appliance parts . try searching target.com first we have purchase accessories from them before , first hand . 
there is a removable blade , which can be a bit difficult to remove ( it 's easier if you lift it simultaneously from opposite sides ) . your fingers do n't actually touch the blade because it 's at the bottom of a circular rotator so , it 's not unsafe . there is also a brush that comes with it to clean the blade . the blade itself is one small part in the middle of the rotator surrounded by lines of much smaller blades ( like a grader ) . warm water and soap makes cleaning with brush much easier . i 'm actually not sure about the wattage ( no information on the box ) but i can tell you that i usually drink carrot juice concoctions and the carrots go right through along with everything else . i hope that helps . 
it should twist right off 
for warranty service or repair , based on my warranty registration form , you need to contact klimaire products , inc attn : customer service 2190 nw 89 place-doral , florida 33172 ph : 305 593-8358. www.klimaire.com 
the condenser is pre-charged with r-410a , but system still needs to be vacummed after all lines are connected and leak test is done . 
yes , it has ahri certification . thank you . 
depends on how much you are operating ( demand ) and how much you pay for electricity . 
sorry to say but i never got all of the equipment from amazon to install it . i ordered twice with no luck . but what is your question and i might be able to help . 
only one . it 's a single zone unit . 
not sure i think they are 21 '' x11 '' . 
it requires special equipment . we paid an air conditioner repairman to finaluze the installation and charge with freon . cost was around $ 200 . 
hi rajeev , great question ! the s filter stands out for several reasons , and our price reflects that . first , the s filter is made solely of 100 % high-grade stainless steel ( type 316 ) and manufactured in the usa . second , we use an ultra fine mesh with 100,000+ holes per square inch , which is finer than any other reusable coffee filter on the market . this allows the flavorful coffee oils to pass though into your cup while preventing any fine coffee particles from doing the same . the result is a deliciously clean cup of coffee . finally , we provide you with a quality brewing experience and a lifetime guarantee . if you are not satisfied with your s filter for any reason , we will immediately send you a replacement , no questions asked . the price of the s filter reflects our commitment to provide customers with uncompromising quality and service . our goal is n't to make the cheapest coffee filter on the market ; it 's to make the best . nate and john kaffeologie co-founders 
if you ever need to get a replacement for an s filter , you can write us at help @ kaffeologie.com . the new version of the s filter has rings on each side of the mesh so it can no longer separate . all s filters we sell ( and any replacements we send ) are the new version . thanks , nate 
i use a manual grinder but i aim for a grind that 's slightly finer than what you would use for drip coffee . 
at least four . probably a lot more than that . let 's put it this way - you are unlikely to grind coffee fine enough that it will pass through the filter . talcum powder mixed into enough water would _probably_ pass through with some encouragement . if you 're asking that question , this filter is probably not what you 're looking for . if you 're looking to make coffee , it will probably service . 
if you are intending to use it together with an aeropress , yes you can . 
no , this pan is aluminum . you need a ferrous metal pan - it needs to be magnetic , so check all pans with a magnet - if it sticks , it will work on your cook top . 
thid cookware has an extremely durable nonstick coating and is very easy to clean - i highly recommend tramontina ! 
the bottom of the pan says made in usa . really nice pan ! 
there are lids that fit . i had several in my pantry from old fry pans , so i did n't have to purchase a new one . keep searching 
i am not a pineapple upside down cake expert , but what i do know is that the cooking instructions combined the ingredients and brought them to a specific state as best suited the taste of the original recipe maker . in my experience , no cake is done until you can stick a wooden toothpick into the middle of it and pull it out clean . this does , however , sound like a perfect opportunity to bake three cakes , one at 400 for 15 minutes , and one at 350 until the toothpick comes out clean , and one at 325 for 30 minutes . do it for science , and then try the cakes , share them with friends and let them vote on the best cake - make that note in the recipe and then move on to say pop ups or yeast rolls with jelly ( or jam ) fruit fillings . this made me hungry thanks for asking ! 
yes , these pans are dishwasher safe as long as you slide the rubber hand grip off before washing . the grip is desighned to be removed for that purpose . i would also make sure that when you load it into the dish washer that you do not stack any metal pan , pot , etc ... in front of it that might bump against the non stick surface and scratch it during the wash cycle . 
12 '' 
shipping weight : 34 lbs . overall width : 30 '' w overall depth : 72 '' d overall height : 24.125 - 32 '' h weight capacity : 330 lbs . 
this table is adjustable in about 2 '' increments and there are 5 holes for adjustment the top being 32 '' high . i love it ... would be great low for kids table or high for work table ( crafting ) well built ... i have at it at high so grandson # 1..5years old can set up his thomas tracks and not have grandson # 2 18 mo old mess it up . nanny loves the peace this is giving me . 
legs only 
mine goes up to 30 inches high . 
they are spoon spatulas . they are not as deep as some of the other spoon spatulas , but they are very sturdy . 
yes you can pull the handle out for thorough cleaning . i love using mine . so easy to use and keep clean . 
plastic 
hello , currently , we have only one set of colors as shown in images , while there are many other handbag shapes hooks in our store in the colors you mentioned . link here : 
yes . 
from the floor to the underside of the seat is 14 1 2 '' . add 3 1 2 '' more for the seat for a total of 18 1 2 '' from floor to the seat . an additional 21 1 4 '' from seat to top of chair . 
two chairs arrive in one package . you must attach two legs to the seat cushion and the seat cushion to the back of the chair . be careful not to over-torque the nut bolt . the particle wood will snap if you attach too tight ; and the chair will not be sturdy if you do n't . 
the wood is n't any species that i recognize however it is definitely a softer wood there are no springs just a layer of padding under the fabric . 
no , they are more of a wine color . 
thanks for your question ! according to a supplier 's website the overall height of the chair is 40 inches . i hope this helps ! 
just had thanksgiving with these chairs and they support anywhere from 100 pounds to close to 300 pounds so really sturdy chairs and comfortable . i highly recommend them especially for the price . 
do n't waste your money they are cheap pieces of hong kong crap 
yes but sumtimes they give u batteries that seem like they 've been used or dead so buy you 're own . 
this nespresso machine is not bi-volt . it is 110 v. there isnt a nespresso machine bi-volt unfortunatelly . we searched about that already ! we had the same nespresso machine 220v , but we brought from europe . as we moved to north america we had to buy a new machine 110v . 
it looks like c120 machines on amazon are all used . and 121 is a new sold by nespresso . it 's cheaper on their website 
thank you for your inquiry . i apologize we do not provide the international shipping service to china . thank you , sur la table , customer service 
yep , and in fact , when i got this coffee machine , soy milk was the only milk i had in my fridge . the milk was foamy enough to make a good cappuccino . hope this helped . 
no , it comes just like it is pictured . it is a great desk . nice quality . 
comes with everything needed . 
hi , i 'm a fellow customer and own this floating desk . unfortunately i have since discarded my instruction packing sheets with any specification of this product . what i can tell you is that it is pretty heavy but not enough to prevent me from installing this on my own in a safe manner ( 40 year old man fairly average weight and height ) . i have two of them and installed both of them on my own . i 'm very satisfied with the desks . 
about 21.25 inches when mounted on wall 
the stoneware muffin pan is 10-3 4 '' x 16 '' , and has 12 cavities . 
full sized 
1 3 cup . : ) 
not at all . i just put batter in . after cooking i let cool before i use a large spoon to lift them out . 
i actually do n't know . i bought it as a gift and no longer have it . my guess would be no , as it is something we eat off of . 
i 'm guessing the same because haeger potteries is the company that produces pampered chef 's stoneware . 
19.1 x 12.6 x 37.5 inches 
yes , almost black 
5 `` h , 16.5 w , 10.5 d 
yes , i actually put a wine holder on top of mine 
no . but it is relatively easy to put together . it gives you one l shaped tool that you use for most of the assembly . i think i may have used a screwdriver only for the knob . 
5 1 4 '' square . there are 1 '' strips of velcro on two sides of the wrap . 
no pockets for id . they just serve to help you find your bag among others on the baggage conveyor . they help a lot for that , though . 
i do n't think it would be a problem . there is velcro in the back that should add enough support for a safety pin . 
i used it on a regular handle on intl trips and it was fine . i have not used on wheelie pull up handle but it should be ok 
length , 5.25 inches long width , can be dependent upon the size and shape handle you are wrapping it around , on my luggage it seems to be about 1.25 inches wide 
it is . it comes with a small remote ( 3 buttons , top to bottom : fan speed , oscillation on off , power on off ) . i do want to note that this fan , while quiet , doesnt blow very hard at all and the cartridges , even on the lowest setting do n't last long at all . 
the fan is approximately 33 inches tall 
model number : hy-224 dimensions : 10.75 x 7.64 x 32.28 
approximately 9 - 1 2 inches . 
this heater needs it 's own 15 amp outlet , appliances such as a toaster also needs it ' s own 15 amp outlet , if they are both on at the same time it will need 30 amps to run both . most kitchen outlets are wired for 20 amp , which will still trip the breaker . i would recommend using different outlets . handiman 
i went down this morning and tipped it over and saw a tiny made in china sticker on the bottom . we live in oregon and it has had quite a workout this winter , so far , so good . 
yes it is quiet . best heater i ever bought . 
the front grill maybe very little but everything else is cool to the touch ! 
6 ' 
yes 
i do n't recall and it is in a box stored away until winter . i 'm sure you can find out on product spec sheet or on manuf web site . 
two 
11 7 8 by 1 2 inch ... .very nice stone 
no connie they do not . unless you like the look of pillow shams , you really do not need them as there isplenty of bedspread to tuck under and over your pillows . 
no i do n't want one . 
100 % cotton 
i have no idea about dimensions . i was contacted by delivery folk as i ordered it via amazon prime , we set up a time and they came and took it off the truck . it was wrapped up in plastic and it was easy to put together . 
the left hand side 
it 's in the product details . product dimensions : 70.5 x 114.5 x 34.5 inches ; 189 pounds 
works fine 
no 
yes 
there is an element that goes lengthwise across the top of the oven and one that goes lengthwise across the bottom of the oven each has a deflector to radiate the `` heat '' while toasting and or top browning . to maintain even `` toasting '' color . i hope this answers your question . as for it holding four slices of bread it would hold four slices of small bread slices or two large deli slices of bread . all in all a decent basic toaster oven . 
yes , it 's actually a little big . it 's very nice , give a small room like i use in my house a little flash . you wo n't be disappointed 
poly fill 
no 
product dimensions : 10.8 x 5.8 x 11.8 inches ; 15 ounces -- -- 1 gallon capacity . hope that helps you choose a yukchuk david . regards gordon newman yukchuk llc . 
yes . absolutely . 
sir , or madam , we try to use an average cost . we mail all yukchuks usps priority mail , ups and fedex are quite a bit more than usps . remember that there is labor and material in the package and we use a custom made box and win some , loose some . for example i just packed 2 yukchuks with two packs of our bio-bags and the 'actual ' shipping cost was over $ 4.00 higher than what that customer paid for a west coast shipment . selling on amazon comes at a price too , and includes an adder for using their shipping service label . hope this helps answer you question . respectfully gordon newman yukchuk llc . 
i love this thing . the shape is ideal for moving to the island for veggie chopping sessions . it also can be opened with one hand and closed with one hand so you can take a plate over to it and dump from the plate without setting the plate down . it also can be mounted on the inside of the cabinet door if you want to hide it . and it does fit in my dishwasher and is bottom shelf safe there . i originally bought it because of the fruit fly problem and it solves that too . 
there is quite a difference in the selling & shopping cart costs between the two different web stores 
a yukchuk has a 1 1 2 gallon , or 6 quarts capacity 
sorry , ca n't find the mount package right now , as i use it free-standing . if i recall , the screws appeared to be about 3 4 '' ; if so , given the thickness of the mount itself , should work fine on std . 3 4 '' cabinet frames . of course , if the screws are too deep for your application , or not deep enough , replacements to suit should only cost $ .50 or so . 
bottom of bucket to top of open ( vertically ) lid is 16 '' . typically lid will settle into horizontal position when opened to scrape food waste into bucket . i hope that is helpful to you . regards gordon newman yukchuk llc . 
fold it forward first then backwards like a beach chair . 
small children yes , teenagers , no . 
i 'm not sure what the foam is made of but the fabric is like a faux suede . 
http : www.walmart.com ip 14931616 ? wmlspartner=wlpa & selecteditemid=14931617 & adid=22222222227000549692 & wl0= & wl1=g & wl2=c & wl3=40844382632 & wl4= & wl5=pla & wl6=56571582649 & veh=sem & productredirect=true 
http : www.walmart.com ip your-zone-flip-chair-multiple-colors 14931613 
it can unfold into a bed with one part remaining folded to serve as a pillow for guests . it can completely fold up into a comfortable chair , and can serve as a reclining lounge chair . chair size : 29.2 '' x 29.5 '' x 23.9 . '' bed size : 79.53 '' x 29.5 '' x 5.1 . '' 
the chair is smaller than a twin bed . the sheets will fit , but will be very loose . 
they are made in turkey . 
i do n't see why not , since they are 100 % cotton -- but i am a clothesline user , so i ca n't speak from experience . 
hi , shipping is free for all of my items . regards 
arlenette , i do n't know if they are made of real turkish cotton , but if you 're asking if the material is absorbent ( as the wonderful old dish towels made of turkish cotton , that used to be available , were ) , the answer is yes . these towels are very nicely absorbent , much as the old turkish cotton dish towels used to be , before synthetic dishtowels became the norm . 
hpa204 is correct . 
yes , it comes with 2 filters to get you started . 
19 '' tall , 16.5 '' long and 9 '' wide 
18 1 2 inches tall , 16 wide and 8 1 2 deep 
no . ul label on bottom of unit lists only 120 volts . 
i do n't think it addresses dust mites directly , but when you sit down on your mattress or put your head down on your pillow , dust puffs into the air . it does help knock down that dust level quickly in a bedroom with the door closed . we use dust mite covers for mattesses , use dust mite proof pillows , and wash bedding regularly to keep dust mites down . good luck ! ! ! 
i believe it 's 184 sq ft . 
i would say no . it fits a pretty deep mattress but that is the deepest i ever heard . perhaps a 15 inch is more like it . 
i believe standard , but dim is 3ft by 1.5ft . 
i dont think any , they are microfibre , 
these sheets are soft and warm but on the tag it says 100 % polyester not cotton so the description that the seller gives is very misleading 
full size sheets fits . i have memory foam as well . 
good question . i 'assume ' thread count just refers to the number of individual treads packed into a given space regardless of what they are made of . that being said , in my experience it has only been applied to fine cotton products . therefore , it is misleading . i donated these to a charity . they were good polyester sheets . but i wanted cotton . 
i 'm going to try purchasing the foil seals compatible with this coffee maker to use with the discarded plastic starbucks single verismo cups ( washed and dried and finger-pressed hard for sealing ) . i 'm told to use fine ground coffee , filled and pressed to the top before re-sealing . we 'll see if it works . 
it has the k-fee logo on it . 
so far i have not seen an adapter that allows you to use your own coffee . hopefully soon . 
no . unfortunately , they are n't the same size as the k cup . and you can only get some of the pods ( espresso ) at starbucks . the k cups are available just about every where . 
i was successfully using caffitaly pods until today -- when i jammed my machine . it 's now completely unusable . i 'll be buying another verismo machine , and i 'll only use starbucks pods from this point on . 
hello , this is 580 model . thanks for asking . leon 
hi kathryn . it was a gift so a good question but one i ca n't personally answer . sorry ! 
yes , the entire body is stainless steel . 
the inside is a plastic thermal substance . the device is fine and thermal , but opening and closing the top is a real piece of work each time . 
it 's manufactured in china . i asked norpro customer service by email and they answered me the next business day . 
2.25 in wide 4.25 in long 
it does come with two washers . 
no , it does not turn . like other commenters have said though , it also does not leak . i 'd recommend getting this and just making sure you have a block to put under it when you store it . like a small empty box . when you sanitize it , place the spout over the drain . when you use it , keep the spout hanging over the counter . simple solutions really . 
one inch hole . 
yes it should.i have a mr beerand it looks the same . i ordered the spigot for a 5 gallon plastic bucket that i now brew 4 gallons of the mr beer in . it called for drilling a 1 inch hole to mount the spigot , hope this helps ! 
the spigot is tapered so you can use various sizes . i use a 3 8 and 5 8 without any issues . 
32 inches from the floor . 
floor to seat is 30 '' and floor to top of chair back is 44.5 '' 
yes ! we purchased them last summer for an outdoor bar that is not covered . we live just north of dallas and they went through 100 degree temps in the summer then three snow sleet events in the winter . we tilt them up against the bar when it rains so that water ca n't puddle on the wood seats . they still look great ! 
that im not sure what they 'd max out at . we 're only 150-160lbs . they 're all steel construction . the only thing not metal is the little pad you sit on . the bearings that the seat swivels on are pretty big so they should be able to handle some weight . 
they 'd work fine for a 42 '' bar but wouldnt recommend for outside . do n't think the pads would be water proof and they 'd eventually rust if left out in the rain 
the bearing is always the weakest point on this type of chair the bearing appear to be rated at 400lbs at center point , the seat area is 16 '' wide x 16 ' deep . the issue a large individual has is getting onto the chair this is bar stool height of 32 '' , unless they are over 6 ' tall 
yes . i just replace with what 's on sale . 
it is a free standing box . i think you could open it up and screw it on . the box is very sturdy . 
i just received mine and tried it with both . it did not work at all with the foil , but it does work with waxed paper . 
very strong cardboard , holds up well . 
it does n't come with any holes or hardware for that . it does have sticky feed on the bottom to keep it from sliding when you use it . you could probably rig something up if you are a do-it-yourself type . 
thats actually a good idea ! and yes i feel they would . i bought 4 packs of these hooks and maybe 3 of 40 of them were bent . its a strong metal so unable to bend back but the ones that were useful were strong enough to hold anything . 
the large hook end would fit over a 1 '' rod as it measures about 1 1 8 '' . 
3 1 4 by 1 1 2 they fit the rod on my kitchen island rods perfectly . the hook spread is 1 1 8 so fit a 1 `` rod perfectly . 
no 
yes they would . i use one of the hooks in my garage to hang a lawn edger , i did n't weigh it but i 'm sure it weighs more than 5 lb 's . 
received 10 
i do n't know . what i do know is that this set is not the colors shown and i sent mine back . the seller was very nice . what is sent is more blues than greens and teal . i hope this helps . they should have changed the picture by now . 
we are currently sold out of the all sizes except king size . 
please copy and paste this asin # b00arlj3xc on the amazon search bar and click search . it will lead you to the full size set . 
we are sold out of the twin size . 
32 inches from seat to floor 
i way 250 # it handles me no problem . 
hi vickey ! thank you for your inquriry ! seat size : 16.5 '' w x 16.5 '' d back size : 13.5 '' w x 13.75 '' h seat height : 30.25 '' h overall width : 16.5 '' w overall depth : 20.5 '' d overall height : 44.5 '' h aiste bisonoffice 
hi debra ! thank you for your inquiry ! this item is sold as 1 per price . aiste bisonoffice 
i imagine they 'd rust in the weather ... 
29 to bottom of seat , 32 to top of seat 
it does n't have to be hung . i bought two of them , stacked them on top of each other on the floor , and use them as a long bookcase for cookbooks in the kitchen . 
dimensions are 11 13 16 '' deep , 47 '' wide ( left to right ) , and 14 15 16 '' tall . the spaces between the vertical dividers are 13 1 4 '' apart . 
because i am traveling , i ca n't measure the unit . but product dimensions are listed in the description : product dimensions : 11.8 x 47 x 14.9 inches ; 33.8 pounds 
marianna the outside pan is approximately 4 inches deep & inside pan is 3 inches deep . it will make a 2lb meatloaf and keep the fat away from the meat . it is also easy to clean if you spray the inside pan 1st w pam 
hi . nope , not that i 've noticed . i use this a few times a month and no problems so far . 
i put it in there and its been fine ! 
the `` wfp14s '' has more attachments , the `` sw '' comes with only a s blade and whipping blade . another difference is that the `` sw '' comes with a flat cover ( easier for storage ) . wfp14s : http : www.waringcommercialproducts.com catalog.php ? pcid=88 & products_id=242 wfp14sw : http : www.waringcommercialproducts.com catalog.php ? pcid=88 & products_id=369 
includes : wfp141 s-blade , wfp146 5 32 '' slicing disc , wfp144 5 32 '' shredding disc , wfp143 5 64 '' grating disc , wfp142 disc stem . this does not have the continuous feed . 
chris , the unit is designed so that the s-blade stays attached to the bowl . this is so you do n't lose the blade when you pour out the contents into another container . i found this very useful when making multiple batches , the blade is easily detached just by pulling up while holding the bowl down . when you place the bowl back onto the drive unit it will require that you give the blade a turn to get the drive flats lined up and the and the bowl to slide down . you also have to make sure that the locking tangs on the motor line up with the slots on the bowl , if they do n't then you can get the bowl to lock in . i hope this helps with any issues that you are experiencing . 
link to waring product page . the page has manuals in pdf format that you can download . http : www.waringcommercialproducts.com catalog.php ? pcid=88 & products_id=242 
yes it will gary , with the right dough hook attachment . this unit is used in a small , commercial restaurant . 
unfortunately , a stainless steel bowl is not available for this food processor at this time . 
it does not come with a dough blade . as i make bread dough in my mixer , i have not attempted to make any in this processor . 
yes , it is . 
i believe it 's a polyester fill & it 's very full and soft . i just love this throw pillow . it 's adorable ! ***** 
no . its spot clean only 
maybe if you use a pretreatment like scotch guard i would n't let it get wet but if it 's under a covered area then maybe and it might fade but it would look very vintage faded . but i do n't think it 's made for outdoors . but i think if your cautious could be used . 
22 '' wide , 23 1 2 '' high , 13 '' deep 
yes the unit does remove mold spores . however unless the source of mold spores is addressed , no filter can prevent exposure in the short term . 
correct ... air is exhausted out of the top of the machine . 
john i have this filter in our 900 sq foot great room and it does a grear job . our first floor is about 1400 sq feet and it seems to be working well . it 's incredibly quiet and looks much better than the older round honeywell filters . 
for the hpa300 , wattage is 127watts at highest setting . i am using step down transformer with 150watts . 
replacement filter : r replacement pre-filter : a or a plus i have re-ordered both from amazon . not cheap , but they are the ones recommended by the manufacturer . 
i 've left ours on since it arrived a few weeks ago . it has a timer you can activate but by default it will stay on indefinitely . 
yes . a complete set of filters is included in the box . pre-filter is good for 3 months and the main filters last 1 year . 
the short ones are 11in and long ones 23.5in 
i would say it 's normal not gloss . 
about 12 inches . 
no , in white . 
11.5 '' deep 
it is about 5 ft 8 inches in height and around 4 ft in width . overall is it an amazing piece of furniture - you will not regret it ! 
we carbonate then usually drink the bottle within 24 hours but it last that long at least . the key is following the instructions . also the kids love doing the sparkle . 
yes , cuisinart sell compatible cartridges , item # : cui csc-24 . 
not the ones i got . they are tasty . : ) 
a little more than one bottle 
no , its not for canning 
no . 
good question , but i do n't know the answer , it is not mentioned in the user manual , i have been using this type of pressure cook for over 3 years , very safe , no incident ever occured to me . 
korean 
it means how long the cooker needs to get to operating pressure . the cooking time is 99 min max . 
yes . up to 13 hours . 
hold the bread pan on each end and turn to left to unlock . 
yes 
the online manual says it has a gluten free setting.so my guess is you should be able to bake a gluten free bread . 
yes , you start with the water and then add your dry ingredients . it has a kneading blade . 
somewhat . i would n't recommend it for a child 's room or if you have children in the home . 
you could try and contact the manufacturer and order replacement parts . 
hi , i do n't recall exactly , but i 'd say about 40-50 lbs . it 's smaller than it looks in the picture and pretty janky , so beeare . 
6 ' tall , 25 '' wide and 9 1 2 deep 
can not be used while driving , thank you ! 
i should come with a pump . i found that i could blow it up by mouth easier and faster than using the pump . 
no , i do n't believe so . 
i believe it would 
yes 
yes 
i love this cookware . but , i have n't put it in the dishwasher for fear of the anodized outer shell of the pan coming off & maybe even getting on other dishes . i 've read negative comments about that . so , it 's not worth it to me . i just hand wash them . food does come off well . 
yes , definitely . the inside is stainless steel . go for it - great pan . 
it does not work on my duxtop 9100mc induction burner . ( a magnet sticks to the side of the pot , but not to the bottom . ) 
8 inches 
just measured mine and the inside diameter is 7 '' 13 16 - so just a little less than 8 inches . 
all cuisinart products are made in china . cookware and electric items as well . 
there is a simple slide switch on the top underside of the scale that changes the settings from kgs to lbs & vice versa . hopes this info answers your question . 
i tried weighing my cat which is about 10lbs but it would n't weight it . i had to get my weight and then step on the scale with the cat to find his weight 
i do n't know but mine works great 
yes , this model is intended for car use . if you buy one universal ac to dc car cigarette lighter socket adapter but power needed is 140 w , in this case you can use at home . 
yes , the 12v model is made for cigarette lighter outlets . 
you could ask but by experience , it 's a good chance you wo n't even get what you were expecting . the picture i ordered was drastically different and not as depicted . 
there is no frame . it on canvas . it 's awful . do n't buy it . if you do ... .good luck . : - ) 
hi jessica , unfortunately this is the only size available . trevor crivello surely satisfied 
thank you for your inquiry . this item is cherry red . 
24 '' 
275 pounds . and i really like these stools ! 
i think they might rust , but they are metal powder coated . maybe outdoor under cover would work . i do love mine , but i use them inside . 
i do n't think it is officially `` teflon '' . it is a very thin layer of non-stick that works great , however , it can be easily scratched if you use metal utensils . my husband mistakenly put a knife in the pan when it was in the sink , then put a bowl on top of it . the weight was enough to scratch the non-stick coating to the metal . i love everything about these pans but the non-stick coating is definitely not top of the line . there is a model up from this from rachel ray that is not colored but is heartier in quality . if you want something that will hold up better , i would recommend that model as the non-stick coating appears to be harder . however , if you want a cheap set of great pans and you use non-metal utensils and be mindful of what you throw in the pan - these work great . if you want a set that will hold up to years of abuse , i would consider another brand . 
do n't have a cooktop because everything scratches a cooktop . 
thailand 
the rachael ray porcelain enamel ii nonstick 3-qt . covered saucepan only comes in eggplant . 
the two top small shelves are 11 inches by 2.5 feet . the larger shelf under those where the microwave would go is 1.5 feet by 2.5 feet with a height of 1 ft 2.5 inches hope this helps ! 
they are just slightly attached at one spot , sort of like a hinge . if you are n't careful they come apart before sealing , which is not a big deal . place the coffee or tea in the pod . align the top sheet and seal . easy as can be . there is a little devise that holds the pod and seals the top with heat that makes it easier . i love these ! i can make one cup of my favorite and they are as easy to dispose of as a tea bag . 
yes they can . that is what i use to seal it . i happened to have a small bowl that the lip of the pod lays over the rim . fill with desired coffee , make sure no grounds on lip , flip top over and pass the hot iron over to seal . i have n't had any leakers with this method . i do n't think the bowl is necessary , but it keeps the grounds the seal area and makes a quick firm pass with iron . no contact with the grounds in cup portion . 
yes it does but you do n't have to seal them when you use them . i just put the pod in the coffee maker put the coffee in the pod and fd the pod lid over and close the cover . works fine every time . 
i do n't know . i am unfamiliar with that coffee brewer . these fit the melitta and the senseo brewers and are a `` double '' pod size . that is , when fully filled , they substitute for two regular melitta pods . 
my fianc did and it was just perfect . 
i understand the issue you are having , i happen to have a pod maker myself from about 3 years ago and it is no longer available . if you get these filters you could use this little gadget i searched out for you . you would put the pre-formed filter in this , add your coffee , fold down the flap and iron over the top . it will work very well for you . i sure hope this helps you and if you get a chance , let me know what you decided to do . http : www.ebay.com itm the-coffee-pod-fixture-diy-coffee-pod-maker-for-senseo-easy-pack-pods- 301180687702 ? pt=small_kitchen_appliances_us & hash=item461fc49556 
no , these filters are about 3 inches across but only 1 2 inch deep . they also need the 'perfect pod ' appliance , which is a small heated device that seals the edges . i have used small round filters in the bottom of my espresso 'scoop ' , but do not remember where they came from . 
they are not flat , but the lid that folds over and gets sealed is 2 3 4 inches in diameter . the recessed area has a diameter at the top of 2 1 4 inches , and at the bottom of 2 inches . hope that helps . 
if you can use - off the shelf - coffee pods as carried in your - take your pick big-box store - then yes . you will need a pod maker machine to seal the pods . they have a wide sealing flange that you may need to trim back with scissors for a better fit and operation . i use a bunn mycafe and they are perfect after timing the sealing flange . i will buy more when i need more . 
i have not noticed it-i do get a full 12 oz cup from each one , so perhaps it is more diluted ? 
sturdy cardboard with a laminate type surface so you can wipe off and use again 
it 's like a laminated cardboard . pretty sturdy . something you can use over again . 
its about 15 inches 
i would say it holds about 5-7 and the one on top has to not have any frosting for it to fit , this serves better for mini cupcakes . i wish i would have gotten mini cupcakes because it probably would have held more . 
yes good for some thing light such ad cup cake ir small sandwiches but this item i didnot recieved the company didnot delived it i have another . design 
yes ! ! 
unit is 21 1 2 inches high . actually it is .1 inch less if you can accomodate unit you will love it as we do . i am not a salesman for amazon or classic products . just a happy user . 
yes 
the outermost is 19 '' 
yes this can be placed in a non functioning fireplace opening . just make sure that there are at least 3 inches around the sides of the unit to allow for air in-take . we do have surrounds available so that you can cover up any opening space if you required it . carlos 
the unit is 19 wide , 17 1 2 high and 8 1 2 deep . there is a vent on the top so its good to leave it a little breathing room on the top . over all its a nice unit , works well for small spaces . 
22 inches is plenty of room the height just needs to be 18 inches high 
the temperature and other writing only show up when the unit is first turned on or if the settings are changed while the unit is on . after a few seconds ( 5 maybe ) this goes away so you do n't have to see it . 
i put it in a 20x20 opening and it fit fine . it would fit but you may have to put trim around the edge 
yes . set the time , let it run down until it beeps . when you hit the stop button it resets to the original set time . if you want to clear the set time , pres both the hour and minute buttons down at the same time and it will reset to zero . 
i do n't think so . it would just say 0:00 ... i would assume you can take the battery out to preserve it ... . 
it beeps for 30 seconds . 
yes , with the time set to 0s press the start button and it begins timing counting up . 
no 
the tallest canister is 11 1 2 inches tall . please read all the reviews , because they are not of the best quality , my two big one the lids do n't screw on straight . 
i have no idea . they are decent sized , but i sent them back because they seemed cheap to me . we bought oxo pop top instead . i recommend them . 
that 's what i bought it for . only bad part is my pot was n't tall enough to put the lid on . also shipped from china and took a while , all in all hapy . 
fits perfectly in the ppc xl . 
no , it does not fit in a presto 6 qt pressure cooker 01362. i bought it specifically for this pressure cooker . i am very disappointed ... .will be returning ! ! 
i really do n't know , i have a 6l fagor and it fits fine . the measurements given are accurate . 
the water window is plastic . this from cuisinart : `` thank you for your inquiry . the water window for the dk-17 is plastic , and the dk-17 is bpa free . i do hope this answers your inquiries '' 
the inside of the kettle is all stainless steel , except for the plastic window 
yes , when the water reaches the boiling point the switch that turns it on automatically shuts off . 
china - as usual 
i do n't think the bottom gets hot . the electric heat comes from a nob in the bottom plate , transferring to a coil in the water compartment . 
it removes , very good kettle ! 
three . 
yes that 's a big pocket on the front 
yes .we have.thanks 
i gave this as a gift - it felt like cotton to me , but it was very lightweight . the person i gave it to loved it ! 
it does not have a rotating brush so it is not intended for plush carpet . i have berber carpet and it does a great job on that and my throw rugs along with my hardwood floors . 
i am not at home to view the warranty but i want to say that it is for one year 
yes , it works great , no scratches 
i recently purchased this vac and have not changed the filter but i did vacuum it once with my canister vacuum and it looked as good as new . i do this with my hand vac filter as well and i have had the hand vac for 4 years . i hope to get the same kind of mileage with the spiffy maid filter . 
yes , it has a 9 horsepower motor , and we are very pleased with the amount of dirt it picks up . 
there is one panel per order . 
one pannel 
it reads out the measurements precisely and in it is in decimal . 
yes , you can . you can buy a re-usable k-cup and put any kind of ground coffee or tea into it that you want . 
yes 
yes . it will . mine does . 
theres a small stationary pin at the top and another small pin on the bottom , where your k-cup go 's , if you can not see them both , yours may be broken . 
yes , once the water reserve heats . you will get a good hot cup quickly after putting the pod in and pushing the button . i set my machine to automatically shut off after 2 hours . if i want another cup later i have to wait for the reserve to heat again before i can start again . hope this helps . 
coffee strength has been just fine for me , as long as i use the coffee purchased in the keurig cups . however , whenever i use the filters that allow me to brew my own coffee grounds ( whether keurig 's own filter or another brand of filter ) , i get nothing but lightly colored water , which is pretty disappointing , because it forces me to buy the more expensive coffee in the keurig cups . if i 'm using the filters incorrectly , i do n't know what it is . i 've read comments from others who had the same result . those filters must work for some ; otherwise , they probably would n't be on the market . maybe it has to do with how fine or coarse the grind is . but if you use the coffee sold in the keurig cups , i think you 'll find the strength of the coffee to be very good . 
if you use bottled water or filtered water you do n't need the filter . 
on this particular one yes . it is the 2.0 that you can only use keurig 
i think it could be disassembly once but i would be scared to try it a lot of times . the material is press board so every time the fastners go in to the board it is a little looser fit . looks good after assmbly . i hope this helps . 
the frame under the bed is entirely particle board . the external part you see is veneer over something . overall , the appearance is pleasant and seems to be sturdy . 
hi daniel . yes it does work with the palladia headboard ! 
i 'm sorry , sauder does not make this in a twin size . 
hi meredith , i 'm 6'5 '' and i think that would be high even for me ... .the bed itself serves as the box so there should be no need to add one on top 
i have it for a 1 br apartment . as long as you do n't have a lot of `` clutter '' and cords on the floor , it works pretty well . one thing is it has to be emptied frequently and the brushes need to be cleaned otherwise it becomes pretty ineffective . my girlfriend who lives with me has long hair and it tends to fill up the brushes pretty quickly . that being said , it works well . just press the clean button when you leave and it will clean for like 40 minutes or so then return to the docking station . if price is really an issue , you may be better off getting a regular vacuum and just vacuuming once a week . the one thing this does that a regular vacuum wo n't do ( besides running by itself ) is that is will get under beds and most furniture . 
hi my model did n't come with a virtual wall but i had a virtual wall left from my old five series and this model works with it fine . : ) 
3 5 8 '' height 
yes , have a busy home 5 cats , 2 dogs run it daily , makes a big difference between vacuuming . maintain it properly and you wo n't be disappointed . worth every penny . 
yes we have both in our house and it works great . ! 
there is a little canister in the front that the dirt and debris is swept into . it looks small , but in our house the canister has been large enough . to open it , press the button the bottom of the canister to release it , then dump it out . 
when it is on the fan is running . that is the only noise to be heard , the noise will go away when the burner is turned off . i do n't seem to mind the sound . 
no ! ! ! it has to have a magnetic bottom for the unit to work . any cast iron pot or pan works . any pot or pan that is said to be induction ready will work . i have bought 2 0r 3 pans at walmart but you need to take a magnet with you to test the pan . even an aluminum or stainless pot or pan that a magnet will stick to works because their is an iron layer sandwiched between the other metals . i have been very very happy with my pic cooktop i got from amazon and bought it for half the cost of getting it off tv ads because they kill you on the shipping and handling ... hope this helps ... 
sort of . in fact , most of the user 's guide are recipes designed to give you an idea of what temps to use for different dishes . 
i 'm sorry i ca n't help you . i would suggest you contact the company directly at 1 ( 800 ) 676 5270 . 
you cook them like you normally would . be sure you have the grease cup on the side . start at 425 and lower to around 200 and they will cook . you might want to put a little pam on it first 
yes . i just move it around alittle . no problem ... 
it 's powered by a normal 120v ac power source ( standard wall socket ) 
no ; only induction pans such as cast iron etc . the nuwave precision website have induction cookware on their website . i was able to use my cast iron pan and grill pam i purchased with the unit . 
i got the nuwave and the cast iron grill top to grill steaks in the winter when it is too dark and cold to grill outside . i love it ! make sure the grill is very hot before putting the steak on ( a matter of seconds as it heats up really fast ) . that will get you great grill-stripes and the steak wo n't stick . clean up is easy if you wipe the cast iron clean while it is still warm . 
it appears to be a non stick coating but can stick . so i use a very light coat of oil . 
normal household voltage . 110 120 
it 's electric . very quick , and very good quality : ) 
it has a very unique design that heats both sides at the same time , and when you open it you add batter to the empty side , then remove the cakes you just cooked , then flip the empty side , from which you removed the cakes , on top of the side with batter . it 's faster than using a frying pan . since it only makes two at a time . though it is faster , most people use a stovetop griddle big enough for four pancakes . for that reason , it should take about the same time it would for you to use a griddle on the stove . a family of two would take less time than a family of six . so , how big your `` set '' of pancakes will determine how long it will take . as a rough off the top of my head clue , with a preheated babycakes maker , i 'd say about three minutes for two . to speed things , i 'd recruit a help by opening the maker , and removing the two cakes while you ladle in more batter . it comes with a batter cup that dispenses the perfect amount of batter . i bought it so that i could make `` paleo '' style pancakes with all healthy ingredients starting with organic almond or coconut flour meal , eggs , spices , and leavening agent , macadamia nut oil or coconut oil , and coconut milk . my first `` set '' or yield was eight small cakes . since wheat contains gluten , the batter stays together , whereas the paleo tends to be more runny . that 's why i chose babycakes . the batter goes in a depression , and with the cup provided , the batter wo n't run out like it often does with a waffle iron if you pour too much in . 
it only has one temperature . 
no 
about 5 inches i think there perfect size for kids they cook up in no time 
product dimensions : 17.8 x 23.5 x 33.5 inches ; 9 pounds 
17 inches . hope this helps 
the dimentions are the same height as the back of tje chair . the little table on the side folds down and the seat folds up . thats it ! great chair and very sturdy ! we absolutely love it ! 
we attend a lot of outdoor concerts and the pockets seem to be quite adequate for drinks , cell phones , brochures , magazines and what ever . 
it is 17 inches from seat to the ground . 
there are two screws on back that keeps the backing secure . you might be able to remove them to do the embroidery 
my wife said 8 pounds , not sure if that 's right i think more like 5 pounds . 
up to a 500 degree oven . 
i pack leftovers usually , when i cook in these pans . but , the few times that i have refrigerated the food as is , it stays fresh enough . the cover is quite heavy , hence you can expect it to be air tight . 
the one i have here is manufactured in china 
5 '' height and 10.5 '' diameter her 8 qt.oval pot is 18 '' x13 '' x7 '' . tom 
i ca n't take the exact measurements and wo n't be able to until i get it back in about 5 weeks . if you look at the description , it gives the measurements : `` ottoman when folding up : 18 '' high x 25 '' deep x 39 '' wide . '' 
we usually use old tire pieces , but i think we can make an exception . 
yes the whole thing is glass . the spigot is plastic . 
it is 9.5 inches across . 
10 1 4 '' 
most definitely ! 
regular . i actually used a pickle jar for it . 
great question and the same thing i was thinking when i first got into bread making . the bag is gusseted to allow the bag to expand to fit the loaves of bread . these are the same bags i use every week to make bread at home . i posted another picture on amazon . i stuck a bunch of oranges in one of the bags to give you a better idea of how they expand . 
no i do not 
a homemade loaf of bread from a bread pan barely fits into this bag . not sure of the liquid volume , but i would think that it would be closer to one gallon , if that . 
probably not because they are so thin . i would at least double them . 
i 'm sorry i have n't the slightest idea . i think they came in a clear bag . 
it 's dark purple . 
on the bottom of the cup it it states they were made in china . 
china 
the two we ordered were an aged metal color , not red . 
i am in england and the chair is in nc so i ca n't help you . 
yes they are heavy duty . i have them at my bar in my log cabin and love them . they will probably rust if left outside 
more black , like cast iron 
yes up or down . there is a 5-6 inch difference . 
yes i absolutly love them you may have to tighten them periodically ; ) 
4 oz . or 1 2 cup ! i love mine , keeps spices i use frequently attached to vertical part of stove ! 
the diameter is 2 3 8 inches and depth is 2 inches . 
they are 2 and 1 8 '' tall 
there 's no dedicated spot to label , but you can easily put labels or use a sharpie on the lid or side of the canister , depending on where you want to read the contents 
we just write the product name on the top with a sharpie , and if you have creative handwriting you can do whatever on the top its a blank canvas . the labels they give with names of spices are not worth buying . hope this helps 
the colors pictured are the ones included - orange , purple , dark red , green , silver , blue 
we went camping this weekend and the tins were on my stove hood the whole time . spices were fresh when opened . seem to be airtight . i love 'em . 
the title is correct - it is a 6-tin set . sorry for the confusion ! we will have amazon update the listing right away . thanks ! 
no 
lynn , i recently got a new low flow toilette which has a weird oval shape opening . i tried using my basic plunger and it did not work at all . after reading reviews , i decided to try this one . it works very well for odd shaped holes . i was leary when i got it , but it does work . 
yes , and you can buy replacement heads . 
yes , it is easy to clean . the base ( where it sits ) is plastic and can be easily rinsed . 
i will bend the plunger towards me , and it works great ; you can feel it `` take '' the plunger back when you replace it in it 's stand . 
assembled with the plunger in its base , the height is about 23.24in . the base is a little oblong , not quite round , but is about 7in wide and 8inches long 
yes 
the leather is a dark brown . 
i would think so but i will make sure monday . 
i would think so i could make sure monday . 
no but , there are magnets at the bottom . 
well first off no grommets , but the holes are 1 4 inch across . 
12 
this is clear -- not decorative . 
there is no ring coming with the liner . i re-used my old rings to hang the liner . 
length actually about 71 '' though advertised at 72 '' width is about the same . seems to work well under my shower curtain . no complaints . 
yes , not that anything is a plus about this flimsy thing . 
yes , there are 3 magnets ( 1 on each end and 1 in the middle ) . it 's a good curtain , definitely worth it for the price . 
not automatic ; there 's a little switch accessible from the bottom , that you 'd use a small slotted screwdriver ( or maybe a tiny key ? ) to move to either voltage . it 's small -- wear your glasses , if you have 'em . for myself , i 'm glad it is a bit of a bother to do it , since i do n't want it to un-adjust by accident . my guess is an auto-adjust feature , in addition to being risky to depend on at odd times , would raise the price above what i 'd prefer to pay . hope this helps your decision . 
6 1 2 inches tall and 5 3 4 inches across at the widest point 
both -- steel bottom , plastic sides 
18.6 ounces including the 120v adapter plug when empty . 
yes , a usa adapter plug fits over the european plug . it is important to switch the setting on the bottom from 220 to 110 when using in the usa . i have used this in china , singapore , malaysia , spain , and the usa . 
production facility in shenzhen , china . the company 's headquarters are located in sundern , german . 
hello , this set only comes in twin . 
sorry we do not . 
very soft , not scratchy at all - very warm and the sheets are as soft and comfy as brushed flannel ! 
not sure it was a present and shipped to my friends 
it come with 6 screws , 2 for each end and 2 to keep the rod length from adjusting . yes you will have to drill to install . 
everything is included so that you can install it easily 
yes it will 
about 1.25 inches ( 33 mm ) . 
4 quarts to the top . 16 cups . 
hello , yes , i use this skillet on a ceramic glass top . however , i would highly advise against sliding the skillet on the cooktop . hope this helps ! 
i 've used it for cheese , i just made sure my flame was on a lower setting so the cheese did n't burn . i 'm sure chocolate would work too so long as you do n't let it get too hot . 
this particular fondue pot is ideal for meat and cheese fondues . chocolate fondues can be a bit more delicate , so your best bet would be to purchase a ceramic or fondue set with a heavier pot if you primarily wish to do chocolate fondues . 
the manufacturer recommends that you use swiss fire gel . 
i do not know the exact weight , but they are quite heavy . i love them and have purchased three in different sizes . 
no , it does not . 
my daughter says it does make a little crinkling noise but it 's not bad . she 's very sensitive to sound when she 's trying to sleep so i would say if she can tolerate it , it ca n't be that bad . 
no , my daughter took it to college and used it in a duvet cover . no noise reported from her . 
http : www.pizzamaker.co.nz uploads 66264 files justpizza_manual_wild_appetite.pdf 
no . the model i have does best with something about 10 '' or less . 
just the 2 paddles for removing the pizza from each side and of course the manual . i love it . just have to get used to the high temp 
yes it will 
yes ! it cooks up frozen pizza nice and crispy . we 've only tried thin crust ones , though . 
they work best with water . 
hi , we are sorry that germany is n't in our supported shipping country . 
yes , it will take any edge pro compatible stone . if your knives are in decent condition and you just want to bring them back from ok to real sharp then the included stones will suffice . if you intend to do anything more intense than that you should pick up some additional stones sooner rather than later . google around and you will find lots of alternative sources for stones for edge pro . 
yes 
it 's 1500 watts as said in the back of the box . it does n't put out as much heat as the radian dish ( presto heat dish , 1000 watts ) . but the heat dish is unsafe if you have small children . 
about 9-1 2 high , about 14 long , and less than 12 wide , i ca n't find my tape measure but those dimensions should be within an inch . if i locate my tape measure i 'll repost . 
go to their website you can get the technical data . 
rated 5000 btu 
ralph g. -- -for us , it has n't . we have 2 homes , 1 in the western piedmont of nc and one in the pee dee area of sc . we have one at each home . they have actually saved us money -- -you use them in the room where you spend the majority of your time and turn your thermostat down for the remainder of the house . hope this helps ! 
did you try holding in the button ? 
yes 
hi ! in my own opinion , the fur is very soft . there is soft dense fur with longer `` top '' hairs but those longer hairs do not feel scratchy to me at all . i was originally looking at the coyote fur and read many reviews on all the fur options offered by this company . after reading the reviews , where many people said the coyote was scratchy , i chose the kitt fox . i worried about it but when i received it i was blown away by the quality and softness . the reverse side feels like sheared rabbit and is sensuously , lusciously soft ! this throw is very thick and plush and at times can be too warm . so , if you live in a warmer climate , it may be too much . i also ordered the leopard throw ( same company ) in hopes that it will be a bit lighter weight and , hence , a more 3-season option for texas . this kitt fox throw will have to be stored away for texas ' late spring , summer and fall ! that 's how warm it is ... .at least for me . but , in a nutshell , it is very soft . sorry for being so wordy ! hope this helps . 
i would only dry clean it . you could possibly wash it very gently and air dry it . but i will only dry clean mine to retain the softness . 
it will fit the bed but not as big as a comforter . a full size bed is 53 '' w x 74.5 '' l and the throw is 58 '' w x 60 '' l so it will fit the sides but the length will be a little bit short . thank you . 
no , the back side is a solid light brown material . 
none that i noticed . 
the kitt fox size 60 '' x 84 '' will be in stock in the next two weeks . thank you . 
yes , complete w sub-par stones . but the construction is pretty good and if you find the edge pro stones , you have a functional edge pro for $ 170 less for the unit . the stones are a residual cost anyway as you do have to replace them . so when you bake in the cost of new different stones and any finishers that you want , you 'll still be up around $ 100 in savings . i recommend that you research ( or you may already know depending on your level of knife sharpening skills ) the stones that you 're interested in . very few people actually need 6 different grit stones in their lifetime . there is a time and place for all of the stones , but if you 're just touching up some kitchen knives , certain ones do n't do very well w the mirror finish that a 6000 grit finishing stone paper will provide . 
i ordered one last year , thought they would be good christmas presents , so ordered 2 more . they never did show up . had to settle for a refund . so much for my gifts ! ! ! 
i returned this fryer , never used it . bought another brand fryer instead . 
only 4 
no , it is not . 
it 's really light- maybe 1 lb . 
1 3 4 '' 
it is 13 '' high when in use . when folded flat it is 17 '' long . 
my son-in-law has used it and he weighs in at 225. a sticker on one of my stools says the weight limit is 150 kilograms which translates to 330 pounds . that 's all i know ! 
yes , you can easily do both with one hand . i 've been using it often for a few months now and very pleased with its performance . very light but strong and stable also . 
i know there is but i ca n't remember . it states on informational page . i love this stool . it holds my 180 lbs easy . i folds up easy . no fingers getting caught . highly recommend ! ! 
yes , the top is non-slip . 
13 inches tall . 
no 
comes in 1 piece , legs fold down , only downfall is i wish it had wheels on the legs for mobility in moving away from walls , otherwise sturdy frame for double mattress . 
yes , bolts holes are at corners of frame for footboard & headboard attachments . 
not a sound . 
no , i do n't think this frame would work for an xl twin mattress . my twin mattresses are standard sized and use the entire frame length . an xl is , i believe , 5 '' longer . 
hi , i am sorry , but i purchased the twin size . so i do not know the dimensions of the full size . 
its pretty quiet . i run it at night on the lowest speed while sleeping . it 's not silent , but probably the quietest fan i 've owned . during the day , with more ambient noise , i hardly notice the fan is on , unless its blowing on me . 
it 's approximately 39 '' from the bottom of the pedestal . 
yes 
you can set the thermostat so that the fan will automatically turn on ( or off ) when the room temperature rises above ( or below ) the set temperature . [ it normally displays the current room temperature - except when you are setting it to a start temperature ] . 
as far as i know no there are no filters . but my fan is having problems running already . if you have not already bought this fan do n't buy one . 
only if you can put it back together . i think there is a filter so yes take it apart . 
no it remains defiant throughout all time . i just put a foldled napkin on top and that blocks it 
yes 
blue glass bottle made in china and mister made of plastic made is usa 
yes that would not be an issue , but i would think this is smaller than something you would want to store salad dressing in ... 
sure you can . but make sure you store it in a cool dark and dry place . essential oils , if properly stored , can last 1-2 years . however , if you are buying adulterated essential oils that are extended with a vegetable oil ; these will become rancid faster and will not last for long ; in addition to losing their therapeutic values . 
yes it does work upside down , but only as long as there is liquid for the straw to suction through . 
sorry , i do n't know . it does n't say anything on the bottle . i would not recommend it though ... the squirter part broke after just a few weeks of using it . 
mine is black 
about 4 inches tall . but i would n't recommend it . the sprayer broke within 2 weeks of using it . 
mine came with only the cap ( sprayer ) pictured , no other cap . 
two 
yes , it does shut off when it reaches temp . i am going to see about returning mine , as it started sparking . 
do n't buy it . it broke first time . 
thank you for posting your question . if i understand you correctly you would like to know how much lasko heaters cost . there are many listings for various models of lasko heaters so i am unable to comment on the exact price . i have pulled up all the listings of lasko heaters , here is a direct link for you to look at : 
yes , there 's a clear verticle water gauge that is between the lower and upper handle connections . it measures from 2 to 7 cups . 
yes , the kettle is stainless steel so it is hot . only the handle is insulated . 
yes you can wrap underneath . 
it shuts off when water is hot enough , not when it runs dry . 
the inside is stainless steel completely . no bpas ! 
made in china 
it has a 2 prong plug . it 's really awesome , but be sure not to ever overfill it . it happened to us one time and it was ruined . fortunately the company replaced it ! 
have n't tried this with nuts , but tried it with cloves of garlic and it worked well . 
i have put this in the dishwasher with no problems . i have n't had it very long though , and i 'm not sure if it would dull the blades over the long term . 
i have n't ever had any issues . nevertheless , to be sure , i just shredded sharp cheddar cheese with the fine attachment and had complete success . 
i use the smaller hole drum for parmesan cheese since parmesan is a hard cheese . 
the top part of the unit slides out so that you can place the bottom part of the unit beneath your hanger rod . you then place the top part of the unit over the hanger rod and slide it back into the lower housing . this `` sandwiches '' the hanger rod between the top and bottom parts of the unit . there is a set screw that allows you to tighten the fit in case your hanger rod has a smaller diameter than what the unit was made for . if you do not have a hanger rod , mounting this tie rack will be a challenge , if not impossible . 
no . the attachment brace is premolded for a round bar . i would not recommend any other shape because i do n't think that securing it so that the device wo n't turn is achievable . 
72 ties and 8 belts 
i believe it 's plastic , but very well made . 
holds 72 ties - advertised to hold 8 belts but i believe you lose 4 tie holders when you substitute the belt hangers . not sure since i discarded the belt hooks over a year ago because i knew i 'd never use them . 
you might be able to adapt something , but it really is designed for a round closet rod . 
front 
approximately 5 '' w x 5 '' h x 15 '' d ... i think the the specs are also online at the amazon site . 
69 
60 if i recall correctly . 
the working parts are all stainless steel , but of course the base and handle will be of a plastic material but nothing that comes into contact with the water contents . at the back of the kettle there is a clear plastic window that shows the amount of water in the kettle . this appears to be a small reservoir and again does not appear to be part of the main water containment area . the filter inside is of a high density nylon mesh . the lid exterior is plastic but the lid interior appears to be stainless steel.hope that helps . 
yes 
the kettle holds 1.8 l or 60 ozs . so , if your cups hold 8 oz each , it would hold 7 1 2 cups . 
the base in 8 1 4 inches and the height is 12 inches . 
hi jeffrey , i 've just looked at the plate under my kettle ... it says 1500w . 
the power cord is attached to the base and it can be wrapped under the base with a small amount on the outside if the outlet is close . there is a small cutout for the cord on the base . i keep the side against the wall since the pot contacts are in the middle of the base . it boils super fast . i 'm thinking of purchasing another for work since my older russell takes a lot longer to heat . i have owned a russell hobbs kettle since the late 70 's and also have their 4 slice toaster with the bun warmer . 
american 
i usually use it on an 8-10 '' diameter pot , but it can easily accommodate a larger pot - i would feel safe using it on a pot up to 12 '' or so . it does work really well- have n't had a boil over yet ! 
no there is not . i have this and love it . works like the expensive ones sold elsewhere ! 
we do combine shipping . purchasing multiple units will be adjusted at checkout . 
hi edward , this will ship within 2 business days . thanks for asking . 
this is approx 14 x 14 x 2. we can make any custom size you 'd like , so please let us know if there 's a different size you 're looking for . best , joe armani armani fine woodworking 
hi lisa , i was n't aware of these questions until now , my apologies . we 'll be answering all future questions within 1 day . we ship many butcher blocks to austraila and would be happy to do this for you via priority mail through the postal service . thanks , joe armani armani fine woodworking 
yes , we can make any custom size you 'd like . we make this design all the way up to 48 x 72 countertops 
yes , it works great 
if you need the exact shipping rate for the hanger grips , you can try to place an order to check the rate . thanks . 
15 1 2 w x 9 d x 8 h still 100 % satisfied by the toaster ... i forgot to mention that i reheat frozen costco pizza purchased at the food court using the provided tray with the rack facing down so the crust is almost touching the tray ... the end result is the pizza comes out crispy and is even better than when first purchased at the food court ! ! ! ! 
no it does not . plus i wood not recommend hanging under a a cabinet because it gets hot on top of the toaster . 
without taking out a ruler , i would guess 18 inches to 24 inches . 
it heats on the top and the bottom . 
not automatically , you have to slide it out 
i do n't think it should be mounted under a cabinet . the unit gets pretty hot and there would n't be enough airflow . maybe with a specially designed mount that lets it hang down a few inches from the cabinet base . 
15 1 2 inches wide by 9 inches high 
no 
no 
no i do n't think they are stable enough . 
just measured it and it is 24inches tall which was perfect for what i wanted -- it fit under my work table . 
good 
i think it 's 24 '' without the wheels but i 'm not 100 % sure . i bought this but returned it because it was n't strong enough for what i was planning to store in it - so i ca n't double check for you ; sorry . 
19 '' w x 14 '' d x 7 '' h 
it 's shiny like chrome 
i really do n't remember ... .i wouldnt recommend these stools now . i just bought them last oct..i think ... ..the arms have already broken off one of them ( the arms is actually just one piece thats welded on underneath the seat..that 's where it broke ) ... and the other stool..the side of the back has a one inch split in it..this just occured..now idea how . they wont take them back now..do n't get them is my suggestion . 
the width is almost 20 inches . 
i am right at 180 lbs and i do just fine . we have had the stools for about 5 wks and like them a lot 
i had to sit on stool & keep playing with handle pulling it up until it finally engaged & now both my stools work properly and excellent . 
16 inches 
it does swivel with the chair but it is very well built and stable . i use the counter to turn myself around . i highly recommend this product . 
the stools adjust so they can be used with a high bar or low bar ; however , the chairs are much smaller in width and depth than you would expect . 
i 'm hoping the pk1200ss replaced the fcp412 . the fcp412 seems , from looking at reviews everywhere , to have had a flaw with the heating element , which would fail after a year or two . if that 's the case , let 's hope they got that problem fixed this time around . 
i think it 's stainless . 
yes it does ... we also use a # 4 filter ( small ) ( i think that is the size ) in the basket ... the filter makes for a very clean cup of coffee ... works fine 
call the company when in doubt , most are 1 year . we had one for many years with no problems , that is why i bought another one . 
no . it automatically stops boiling water but heating element remains on to keep liquid warm . 
china 
flat power cord 
stainless 
my recollection is that you can splash water on it without too much of a problem ( hard to avoid when filling for use ) but they did not indicate it was submersible . i have had many pots by this maker over the years and i would never place the lower pat of the pot under water . i have inadvertently placed it in the sink with water running around its base as i filled it without a problem , but i have always taken care not to submerge it in any fashion . to clean the chrome exterior i turn it upside down so water drains away from the heating element section and then wipe dry before uprighting . 
i think it is a non stick teflon . it 's not a ceramic . it does clean up very easy . i do have to say , i just love this system . i use it more than my regular oven . with winter coming upon us soon , i will be using the crock pot part of it a lot too i am sure ! 
yes the temperature can be adjusted . 
i have n't bake those but my father has and he says it has came out wonderful ! he has cooked cookies also . : ) hope this helped 
yes , i have cooked rice in it . i believe the book it comes with gives you the rice water ratio . i love cooking risotto in it also . 
the ninja 3-in-1 cooking system mc700 bakes , steams , and slow cooks . test results state water has reached a low boil . 
the mfr info plate ( on bottom of unit ) says 1200 watts . the mfr preset the temp and supplied red ( heating ) and green ( at preset temp ) lights . the supplied book tells all you need to know to operate it safely . it also has more than several recipes that provide guidance concerning cooking time and ingredient choices and parameters . this device makes nice toasted sandwiches and grills a nice ribeye steak . i even use it to toast fresh corn tortillas that are low salt . i crumble them and add them to a salad or just eat as a snack . the comments i have read on the web about the `` older brother model '' gr-1 said it was a reliable and simple-to-operate device . the gr-11 has been the same for me . the gr-11 also has a couple of improvements the gr-1 owners wanted : removable grill plates and adjustable front legs . i am also impressed with the non-stick quality of the grill plates . i prefer olive oil ( or butter ) only on the inside of my panini , and the gr-11 gives it to me that way without sticking . it is not a magic instrument ; the laws of physics and chemistry , and using common sense still apply . for instance , putting a skinny soft slice of bread between two grill plates will turn out a flat toasted item . it may not be what you hoped for . also , since the temp is preset , cooking time is a variable to determine . a time piece with a second hand and some experimenting has worked well for me . i hope my comments are useful . 
yes 
it does n't look like it . in my paperwork that came with this i see an option to buy replacement grill plates and a few other parts but no waffle plates ... .would be a good idea for them to offer it though . 
it rests on whatever you are cooking and makes grill marks . i leave it one way for a minute or so and then turn it to get a checkerboard pattern . 
yes 
both plates are ridged . food comes out with griddle marks on both sides . 
why do people comment when they do n't have an answer to the ladies question . this is true on a lot of questions . 
u t seems like the problem is still exist . after i remove the plate for cleaning . it seems to be impossible to get it fit back in perfectly like it was . especiallt the bottom plate . i am quite disappointed with their craftmanship.. 
you definitely need to defrost it , just because of the amount of water in a frozen chicken breast . 
no 
on the top orange part there are two black slots for your fingers , just sweeze and lift ! 
what is an `` am '' ? 
i have n't needed to replace them yet but i have rinsed them under a hard stream from the fawcet then air dried them til really dry & that`s worked really well . when needed , i plan on buying them directly from the manufacturer . 
the electrolux vacuum has a removable roller brush . different attachments can be purchased separately . 
i bought this vacuum cleaner and it never worked after i emptied the filter . 
i 'm not sure what that is , but it plugs into a regular wall socket . 
there are 2 tabs on the color part next to the handle squeeze them towards the center and lift out 
dust cup is full , or the hose may be stopped up . i wouldn ; t run it too much with the light on , for fear of burning up the motor . 
they are plastic . 
the width from edge to edge ( the tops of the arm rests hang over just a little bit ) is 93.5 '' . the width of the frame , leather-covered portion of the sofa is 89.25 '' . the frame portion of the front of the couch ( the part that holds the arm-rests ) is actually wider : 91 '' . 
3 seater 
yes 
thank you for your interest in our product . furnituremaxx only sell the sofa in this picture . we do not have the product information for the decoration in this picture thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
the seat cushions can be removed . the back cushions seem to be attached and probably can not be removed . 
it picked up really well . unfortunately i found it way to hard to steer on thicker carpet . sent mine back . 
yes there is a crevice tool and a brush i think.i have n't used it lately , to hard to push . 
only when it 's locked in the upright position . so if you want to de-tach the hose for stairs , just lock it first . ( yes i wish it had a button too , but with my luck the button would break in the `` off '' position ) 
yes , there is a seven inch height adjustment . 
yes , there is a brush height adjustment to clean carpets and bare floors . 
i ordered it , used it once , returned it . was the worst design of a vacuum ever ! sorry , ca n't answer your concern about voltage . i would suggest that you either return it if possible or give to charity . 
i 'm not sure i understand the question . the heater does not have an internal battery . it is powered by the golf cart batteries . we do not use our cart on on golf course . ours is used to `` tour '' our neighborhood . we routinely run about 30 minutes a day . with a full charge on our batteries and running the heater for the entire time , our batteries end up around 3 4 of a full charge . 
the dimensions are : 5 3 4 '' l x 4 1 2 '' w x 4 '' h 
yes 
14 x 5.5 x 5 inches . 
it 's not a leaf . it looks like one but it 's really a spice rack..extended shelf is in the back on certain models but not on all ... call the company you can find them on the web 
32 inches 
i would have to answer `` in the middle '' . i ordered a full and it stretches enough to fit over all the corners perfectly . great set ! 
i do n't have any trouble with mine wrinkling 
china 
i do n't know but my mattress is pretty deep and it fits fine . if you want me to measure mine , i will , just let me know 
yes it will ! 
at the biggest points ( including trim ) , the exterior is 30 '' wide , 16 '' deep , and 72 '' tall . inside , it 's 26 '' wide , 13 '' deep , and each of the 2 sections measure 33 '' tall . 
i bought the home styles arts & crafts kitchen pantry - cottage oak and it was a pretty close match . make sure you look at the zoom view so you can see how the lacquer stain blends with the natural wood grain - it is not a solid color considering the grain , there is some texture to the color . besides that , the hue was pretty close to the picture . i like the cabinet and do n't have anything bad to say about it . 
26 '' wide . upper section 34 '' high . lower section 33 '' high . just under 14 '' deep . 
yes it has a silicone gasket around the inside of the lid . the lid makes a tight seal as you press it down , you can hear the air being pushed out . as well , it has another pressure seal for the pop-up valve and the relief valve , likely those have small gaskets , too . 
yes 3 
where are you seeing that it 's not made in the usa ? 
yes . i have had no problems when adding oil . 
at the time i ordered mine it was called a 9.5 '' size pan . but now the listing gives no size for it . i can only assume this one listed on amazon is the same as the one i got . 
i would say not . i recently used pan and a large crack in the ceramic coating appeared . it has been frustrating and of no avail trying to contact amazon about this failure . maybe with this answer customer service will respond . again , i personally would noy use this pan in an oven . good luck , beverly . 
not sure if it works on an induction cooktop . 
i would think it 's made in china - it has no product brand 
i did not attach mine , i put it right on the floor . if attached it will raise it 4 3 4 inches 
do you mean how tall is the unit or the height between shelves ? 
it is stainless steel . 
dont think it will fit . 
yes , there is place but you have to open the anti spill valve . 
yes 
yep 
china 
yes-cup is ceramic , green part is silicone and lid is plastic . 
hard plastic material 
yes . best for cleaning . watch out for the top it 's not exactly confidence inspiring . 
yes it does ! i have a 2007 honda civic , works great . 
yes ! i would take the top off though . 
oh good question ! i believe so . the lid is a number 5 plastic ( polypropylene ) and from my quick search on the internet it is bpa free . but then again i am getting my info from the internet ... : - ) hope this helps ! 
it is stainless steel . 
dont think it will fit . 
yes , there is place but you have to open the anti spill valve . 
yes 
yep 
have n't seen any , but really good question . all i have found in the rustic is regular mouth . 
they are made from the same metal a normal mason jar lid is made from just have a rustic finish on them 
yes , they will fit any regular mouth mason jar . 
regular not wide mouth . : ) 
i am not sure but i think that in the us 
the cutter is 4 1 2 '' long by 3 1 4 '' wide . 
3 1 4 x 4 1 2 
mine does not work on serrated edges . i think there are some others that do . 
i 've only used mine with kitchen knives and it does a good job with them . 
no . 
there is a place to sharpen ceramic stone knives . i do n't have any , so i have n't used it , 
yes , it 's designed for left and right handed use . 
i would like to know the answer to this question , too . the answer by ms. ledbetter does n't do it . does anyone know if this will sharpen santoku knives ? 
no , it says it is made for straight-edge knives . 
yes it does , very nicely too . 
this is a cool mist humidifier . 
this is a small table top unit . the out put is not big enough for a large room unless you run it all the time . however one at each end of the room would work . it is very quiet and does look nice . 
it 's not made for it . 
i 've had no luck with this and is quiet but heats the water and get steam if remove the container otherwise it will not release anything in your room . 
no it is not a dual boiler machine . it is a single boiler with rapid steam capabilities . 
wo n't be automatic . you will need to steam the milk and make coffee seperate . 
yes , it will give you a better coffee espresso 
exterior : depth 9 '' , width 16 '' , height 8.5 '' ; interior : depth 6 '' , width 10.25 '' , height 3 '' ; bread slot : 1 '' thick , 10.25 '' width , 4 '' depth 
the baking tray is 6 '' deep and 10.25 '' wide . there is 3 '' room above the tray to the upper limit of the oven area . 
nope . tops off at 500 degrees 
8 deep 15 wide 
yes 
yes . you can lay 2 pieces of bread side by side . so , you can do 2 sandwiches . 
no it does n't . the only button is the power button . 
yes , it is machine washable ... . 
no the pile has been very full and fluffy . i was very pleasantly surprised and happy with these rugs . 
a light sage green . best rugs ! so thick & soft . we loved the green ones so much we bought the baby blue ones too ! 
the rugs are really thick and plush . i would be worried about spilling something on it and not being able to just wipe up . it is machine washable , but they take awhile to `` line dry '' , as recommended . i really love them in my bathroom . : } 
mine were wrapped separately . 
looks like a regular glass of wine would hold . it 's not big , but it is a normal size glass of wine . 
no . it is lucite . perfect for pool , camping and outside activities . 
do n't think there would be any reason to . wine should be chilled ( white ) or not ( red ) . it keeps it as well as a regular wine glass ... ... but offers the peace of mind from worries about spills much better . enjoy ... ... we have ! 
it will support a mattress without the box spring . we have it for our 3 year old . both my husband & i ( separately ) have laid in the bed with her and it has supported us without a box spring . however , if you need firmer support i would suggest a box spring . 
no , we just put the mattress on it . if you put a box spring , the mattress will be too high . the picture is what our little girl 's bed looks like with just the mattress . 
i would use a box spring to keep the metal bars from bending . if they were stronger it would be fine without . 
takes 7 business days appx to ship and then another 7 bus days appx to be delivered . 
it is 31 inches wide , 36 1 2 inches tall ( with rolling casters attached ) , and 19 inches deep front to back . 
yes , i love this . very sturdy and more than i thought it would be for the price . 
yes you can iron on the folding table . it has a nice removable washable cover and is roughly the 3 4 the length of a standard ironing board . very happy w this purchase , much sturdier and more attractive than any of others i 've had or compared it to ! 
*dimensions : 31.2in x 18.3in x 36.7in h ( bags : ~14in x 8.5in x 23in ) 
4 and 1 2 inches 
yes , very . i 've had this laundry sorter table ironing board for some time now and there is really nothing negative to report . i could n't be more pleased with it . 
we use it as a permanent part of our laundry room . it 's not designed to be taken apart regularly and stored . as we 're using it , it 's been a quality item and perfect for our needs . 
yes but if it 's like the one i ordered it wo n't get above 82 degrees . i had mine installed for four weeks and it never got above 82. i returned it and got a 300 watt it got to 90 degrees in two days . 
it will fit it is small . but it does n't heat very well . 
hello , thanks for posting your question . if an item is bought directly from amazon.com and it 's defective , it can be returned to us . most items shipped from sellers other than amazon.com are subject to the same returns policy but some seller returns policies may vary . you can read more about our returns policies on the following link : 
yes , it 's pretty smooth retraction . this is the best vacuum by the way . 
absolutely 
i believe it is once a year . 
no it does n't but its very easy to wipe down attached 
i think it is best to keep it level all the time , because of its sensitivity and calibration . but you could i guess , just do n't put pressure on the top of the scale when you store it on its side . that might damage its accuracy . 
here 's what we did . we put some items together and their total weight was 13 lbs , 8 oz . then we found a container that weighed 2 lbs , 9 oz , then tared it . we then put the 13 lb 8 oz items back on , and the scale showed 13 lb 8 oz . we took every thing off , re-tared the scale , and put every item back on . the scale showed 16 lb , 2 oz . you make your own deductions . 
it is a 1-button operation , yes . 
yes , i was able to add powder gradually to the scale and it displayed the gradual increase . i did not have to add and remove the powder cup . 
it does indeed include an ac adapter and alternatively will work on batteries . nice scale . 
it will when it works- mine quit working the second time i used it ! 
i do n't fully understand your question , if by hopper you mean powder scale , i use hornady 's scale cost about $ 80.00 . very good accurate scale . 
yes , they are perfect . i reload 45 2.4 sharps and this scale is extremely accurate . 
it is not thick at all ... approx eighth of an inch at the most . 
i really do n't know- i did n't check . sorry 
if it 's humid you may have to empty the water using the drain on the back of the machine at the very bottom . there is a cap you must unscrew then water will pour out . your cap may also be loose . i had to empty my machine once and have not had to do it since ( about a year ago ) . if the cap is tight then you have a defective unit because there is no where else it could leak from . 
if you could define `` small '' in square feet this would be a much easier question to answer . if you live in an apartment complex or have a small condo , yes it should cool a small bedroom ( 200-300sqft ) easily . 
a majority of the condensate is evaporated during operation . however , when the unit is turned off the condensate pools in the bottom collection tank and within the interior hoses . you can manually drain the condensate through an upper port as well as a bottom port , which you should do before storage or long periods of non-operation . it is relatively easy to drain the unit , both ports have a plastic retaining screw ring and a silicone plug behind them . when i have drained my unit after ~7 days of continuous operation it will purge around half a gallon of water . 
19.9 in to 47.25 in 
it 's 5 '' diameter by about 5 ' long accordian hose . blows really cold & does n't suck too much electricity . 
yes . 
will it fit 1 inch width blades ? 
there are four rows of two slots . the bottom row is 6.25 inches ; the seond rowis 7 inches deep ; the third row is 7.5 and the fourth row is 8.75 inches 
base measures 3.5 '' x 6.5 '' . the height is 6.5 '' at its highest point . 
find a way to keep your fingers from slipping and turn the side with the line or two lines counter clockwise about 1 2 inch . that does it . 
i actually do n't recommend it . i suppose you could put a receiver on a pet 's collar somehow . i bought mine to put on my husband 's cane . it seems that every time he loses his cane and goes to use it , the batteries are dead . and when it does work , it does n't have much range , nor is it very loud , so it does n't really help . 
apply a little pressure when turning 
the entire back of the unit slides about 1 8 inch , then lifts up . press down on the back and slide toward the bottom ( toward the slit on the end ) . 
it runs on button batteries , with no cords or adapters . 
it does n't require anything special to work . just put in the batteries and press the button on the `` finder '' to make the keytag beep . 
it was not easy . hold the bottom part with one hand and turn the top counter clockwise . it took a while , but finally worked . 
i have a 30 foot sail boat moored in the alamitos bay marina year round . this little dehumidifier has been great . it must remove 1 2 to 3 4 cup of moisture every day . i have mine on a timer ( dusk till dawn ) . i 'm very impressed . 
i would say it is good for a very small room . it depends on the amount of humidity you have , but i would n't use it for a room larger than 8x10 feet and only if you have moderate to low humidity . this machine is best for a closet , not a room . 
pull out the tank by the handle and pull the little black rubber plug . turn it over until empty . little black rubber plug has a retainer to keep from getting lost . 
i do n't think so . did not have good luck with ours . worked fine for three months then died . 
my adapter has on the bottom : ac 100-240v , 50 60hz , 0.8a max ; out dc 9v , 3a . so , yes it shoud work for both . 
around 9 '' tall x 6 1 2 '' wide x 5 1 4 '' deep . that is approximate . that depth does not compensate for the fact that the power cable goes into the the lower back side of the unit . 
any person who claims they can not open , probably wo n't know how to open a tube of toothpaste . it 's extremely simple to empty , you pull it out voila ! very simple , very quiet and very effective in small rooms . it sits easily and inconspicuously on a window sill . 
the rack will hold the 1.5 liter size bottle . i have put a few on the shelves . but i would not put very many as i do not believes the shelves will hold that much weight . 
the width is 47 1 8 '' , depth is 17 '' and the height is 30 3 8 '' . 
these are a pressed fiberboard with a laminated finish . very good looking , very well made but not solid wood . 
i would say it 's more brownish with a hint of a reddish cast . 
ca n't tell you how much weight it can hold but it is a very well made , sturdy piece of furniture . it is the second item that we have bought from this company and will buy more from them as we are ready for more pieces . 
12 inhes deep 17 & 1 2 inches wide by 2 & 3 4 inches high 
this is the only color available in this style unit . thank you . 
yes , the lids are twist on off for airtight and very secure closure . 
there is no lip to hold them on top of each other but you can sit one on top of three other if you liked 
they are all 3 inches across . 
yes , it does ! 
it 's not too bad if you put the lid on . no worse than a lawn mower or hair dryer . 
i have not but sounds like something i might look into . 
you can not grind nuts with this one it cant be anything that has oils in it like nuts coffee and it will not do oats 
steel , at least i 'm pretty sure . it does work amazing though ! 
mine only works on 110 volt . 
no oil seeds like flax seeds , but not sure about almonds 
lts about one gallon when full but works best when there is more air space for the roots of the plants to have more air . plenty of aeration for the smaller type fish that are recommended . clearly designed to sit on a windowsill . 
plastic 
also not sure , our tank was also cracked however i contacted jrponics via email and was sent a replacement tank within a week . great customer service at jrponics . 
i 'm sorry , i do n't know . this was a gift for a young relative . however , when we needed assistance from the company 's customer service , they were very helpful . i would call them with your questions and i 'm sure they would be able to answer everything . 
unfortunately , since you 're using a foot board , you 'll have to get two sets . 
the particular one i ordered specifically said king to queen & vice versa , if you go to their site you will find all sizes . 
to be honest , i really do n't know how the inner workings are in a pocket door , so i ca n't answer your question . good luck to you . 
there 's one that is made for that . i purchased one for that at amazon . check for one made for that . modi plate structures by malouf , queen 
the dimensions are 4 7 8 '' x 9 1 2 '' 
when i measure it i get 15inches by 9inches , not including the handles so that 's just cooktop surface . hope that helps : ) 
i actually use it on the oblong 5 burner . it is to big for a single burner 
yes . we do all the time . 
the well has no groove cut into it 's edge to allow the accumulated grease flow out easily . the hot grease will wander around the edge and spill aimlessly everywhere except where you want it , in a grease pan ! being shallow , the unexpected volume of grease can be troublesome while outdoor grilling if the grill is out of level . it will overflow and spill into the firebox and possibly start a grease fire and ruin your meal and event . it heats well and even as cast iron does , retains the heat when items are placed on it and a breeze to clean . 
i have a large array of cast iron cookware that i 've been using for many years . direct flame does n't appear to affect the the 'seasoned ' surface in any way . also , i 've found warnings such as 'do n't leave it to soak in water ' and 'dry it immediately after washing ' to be a myth . i soak mine ( usually because i ca n't be bothered to wash it up at the time ) and when i do wash them i allow them to air dry . a properly seaoned pan will not let water penetrate to the iron and therefore no rusting will occur . what is most important , is to ensure that the pans are always seasoned correctly . it 's easy to see when they need re-seasoning , they lose their shine . to re-season , i rub mine with canola oil using paper kitchen toweling , then bake in the oven for 2 hours at 500f . they come out with a solid black shine that lasts for months . hope this helps . 
its 18 1 2 `` long with handels 15 '' cooking area and ita 9 '' wide 
i 'm not sure what the coleman stove looks like , but this skillet is cast iron and work equally well on my propane grill , my charcoal grill , and my gas stove in the house . 
its 9 '' x15 '' its well made nice and heavey cast iron 
the lip is very small ... cooking bacon is a big problem . pancakes would be ok or grill cheese , but nothing that has a lot of greasecooking out of it . 
i have three of these heaters in upstate ny it was 10 d. outside i had my one unit on 82 d with no other heat on the room was 65 d. and it cost me $ 0.65 aday and it was on 24 7 im looking to buy two more ... it does n't heat 1800 sq ft but it 's a great unit for the money my room was 800 sq ft plus the heat will travel up stairs charlie v long island 
the lowest setting is 59 degrees fahrenheit . 
yes , outer cabinet will not heat up , more compact than the lifesmart heater purchased previous to this one . i had an element burn out on the earlier model and a phone call got me instructions and all new elements . it remains in use . 
three years 
i believe it is 1500 watts 
it has a fan & the unit is controlled by a thermostat . do n't know the cfm . i own a eden pure & 2 comfort furnaces each of which i paid over double the price of the lifesmart . this is a better heater and i use it as my center of the house auxiliary heat and my furnace runs very little . i broke my 1600 sq ft ranch home into 3 zones with the 3 infrared heaters & save hundreds on propane without raising my electric bill enough to equal the savings in propane . plus we are warm ! the forced air furnace was not efficient . i did have individual 20amp circuit breaker lines installed to increase efficiency & prevent popping the breakers . hope this helps . 
i believe the answer i received was 5 years with the extended warranty . 
the seat is about 11 1 2 inches from the ground . the back of the chair is about 22 1 2 inches tall . 
it is wood but it is really small . a lot smaller than i thought it would be . they never use it lol 
8 
the inside is 4 3 8 inches across and 1 inch deep . 
hi gave as a gift so i do n't recall the exact size . i think about 4-5 inches in diameter . they are very shallow though . good for making a pie , but not deep enough for chicken pot pie which is what i was buying them for . hope this is a little helpful . 
the chair does not lay flat . the full recline is about 130 degrees . however between the upright position to that position it can be stopped at any point . 
hello , the seat size is 18 '' width x 21 '' deep . if you need anything else , please let us know . thank you . 
hello , this has a back up battery for this recliner . thanks 
hello , we do apologize , the chair does recline but it does not lay flat . if you need anything else , please let us know . thank you . 
thanks for your question , the model item number can be found in the product description : am-p9320-4172-gg . hope to see you soon ! 
hello , the manufactures website does not state where the material is made . the material is microfiber . 
i can ship to australia but shipping will be about $ 25 . 
they are acrylic . 
it is a soft yellow 
hi , as long as a generator can put out the 110-120 v and be careful about spikes , yes a generator will run anything . this is common when caterers have machines set up at parties and such they use generators . spag 's espresso 
yes , you can . i do it all the time . the difference is when the separate units are heating . in 20-amp mode , both boilers heat at the same time . in 15-amp mode , they switch back and forth until both are at optimal temperature ... but when it 's time to brew , you can use both at once ... definitely . 
hi , michelle . this particular machine has a reservoir . it 's available in a plumbed model as well ... but not this one . 
yes they do ... ... also on wine coolers and soda bottles of all sizes ... ..love them ... ..very versatile ... ... they are rubbery so you just push them in as far as you need to to make them fit . hope this helps ! 
the three we have are all 3-7 8 '' diameter by 7 '' tall . 
authentic bodum replacement . 
the replacement carafe for my bodum is 7 1 2 '' tall , and 3 3 4 '' across the top at the outside edge . i am very pleased with my replacement . i use it a lot ! 
i ca n't say for sure . it appears to be the same , but i bought mine for the bodum chambord 8 cup french press coffee maker , 34 oz. , chrome . the bodum brazil appears to be the same size ( 34 oz ) . 
yes 
the carafe is for the larger bodum . it is about 4 inches in diameter and a little more than 7 inches in height . 
i purchased this to go with my bodum french press coffee maker , 8 cup , 1.01 liter , 34 oz . it fit perfectly . i am thrilled . 
do n't waste your money . however , it 's supposedly dishwasher safe . 
i do n't know as i threw mine in the garbage after i sliced the side of my thumb off ! 
the center blade part rotates to different positions so one position is for slices and another is for small dicing shredding , and one larger for fries . but it really did not work very well and that 's why i returned mine . 
there is a book that come with it 
it didnt work for me the cheese is too sticky or thick or something 
i returned mine . i do n't think so you have the box . but my opinion is do n't buy it ! it is dangerous ! . the first time i used it the last slice i sliced half my fingernail off . i was lucky it only bled for about two hours and took a couple of months to heal . other people have ended up in the er with gushing bleeding that would n't stop . it is up to you but i will never buy anything like that again . 
if you want small round disks , you jab the carrot standing up into the pins of the handle . a long carrot is too unstable and will flip off . so you have to cut the carrot into maybe a 2 '' -3 '' piece , jab it on standing up and try to cut it . it 's easier at a bit of an angle . if you want long strips , jab the carrot on sideways and drag the length of the carrot across the blade . and if you are talking baby carrots forget it . i 've tried . honestly , a food processor with a feed tube is the best way to go to quickly slice carrots . 
yes 
18inches high , 34 inches wide , and 21inches deep , with the wooden trays in place . 
yes , they do quite nicely if you stack them one on top if the other . 
the only thing inside my ottoman are the hinges . there may have been straps stapled inside as part of the packaging to hold the trays in place during shipping . hope this helps . 
i 'm assuming you are referring to wether the bottom of the glass contains nucleation points , the answer is yes . these nucleation points were laser 'd in to help release co2 and enhance aroma and flavor . cheers 
i have never placed them in a refrigerator but i do n't see a problem if you do . they are not as thick as a pint so be careful 
they are custom made ipa crystal glasses from germany . also spiegelau is a division of riedle . 
no . the laser etching is on the outside of the glass.. stupid 
yes . these are lead-free glass . 
craft beers should never be served in a frozen glass ! ! save the frozen mug for the yellow sparking water . 
i do n't know to be honest with you . i use both of mine almost daily and they are showing very little wear or tear . i keep the plastic insert in when i am storing them to avoid chips . no point in tempting fate . i am guessing just based on my usage a few years but i do love them 
i wish i could give you a definite answer . my wife and i love these pans way better than orgreenic . we just wanted teflon free so we never researched the ptfe cadmium . great pan and we feel better cooking on it . just remember to never cook on any setting higher than medium . low acts like med and med acts like high . i guess these pans heat more efficiently . 
i love these pans ! from the information included with my shipment it appeared they were belgian . i checked with the company and was told that the makers indeed are belgian . however ; this particular factory is in chine , but ... they own the factory and have control over all aspects of manufacture including quality control . i enjoy using them so much , i judiciously follow the care insturctions , which is really only common sense . hope i have answered your question . 
according to information attached to greenpan frypan i bought a year ago and love , `` oven and broiler use . greenpan cookware is oven and broiler safe : pans up to 850 degrees f 450 degrees c. as the handles are made of stainless steel , discoloration in the oven is possible . handles will become very hot in the oven or under the broiler . always use potholders or mitts to prevent burns ... ... ... ... '' so , yes , it can go in the oven ! 
measures approx . 12-2 5 '' h x 8-2 5 '' w x 8-6 7 '' l more items from this collection are also available at our anderson inc. store front . 
it 's burnt orange ... .very pretty ! 
the cookie jsr is 13 '' with the lid amd and about 10 1 2 '' without . 
there is a plastic rim around the base of the top . i still keep baked goods in a large plastic bag and then place it into the jar . it is a beautiful piece . i have n't had it long . sorry i ca n't answer this more clearly . 
in this country 120v rated to 1700 watts . 
china . would be nice for panasonic to make it in usa . i 've been ironing for many , many years and this is the best iron yet . the surface glides across the clothes so smoothly and it does n't continue to steam while in the upright resting position . another fancy brand iron i had steamed continuously . this one is fantastic and gets the job done fast . with the iron shaped the way it is , when i accidentally touch the side of the base it does n't burn because the plastic sides do n't get hot . has a long cord , too . hope this helps . 
yes it does . it heats up really fast too . i love this iron , it was worth every penny . it has never spit water at me ever . 
good question , nothing indicated on the iron & i do n't have the box . the instruction sheet does not say where it 's made , but has reference to panasonic corporation of north america . why do you ask ? 
yes , i think that would work nicely . however , there are no notches to keep the drawers together as one unit , but i think the foam padding on top will keep the upper drawer from slipping . it really is a great product . my mom just emailed me today asking where i got it because she wants to buy one for her office k-machine . 
yes , i have a keurig k45 elite and it fits perfectly with a little room to spare all around on this particular coffee storage drawer ... all 3 of the keurig 2.0 models are smaller than the keurig 45 elite . 
no ! stacks nicely and the black on black color looks nice , too ! 
i do n't know about that machine , but i could n't put my keurig on it under a cabinet . but i still love it . 
i do n't know how large you commercial keurig is in size . the tray is pretty sturdy . it is 13 '' across and 12 '' deep and 3 '' high ... ..our maker is 12 x 12 x 10 wide . it just fits on top , but not under our counter with two trays stacked . i hope this helped . 
it 's black 
not real soft , but not bad . is hard to explain . i have diabetes , so feet bother me . i wanted it primarily so i would n't slip . sorry i could n't help more ! 
do you mean is it machine washable ? i have no idea , but i would not hesitate to do so . i have a shower brush , which is actually an old dish brush , which i take into the shower with me to scrub the mat when it needs it . but i would machine wash it with cold water at a delicate setting without fear ! 
i 've had mine awhile- since august i think- and it 's still wonderful ! 
down is a form of feather , the layer closest to the goose 's body . 600 fill power white goose down 
yes . i ball mine all up to make it a little puffier , but it would also go quite flat . 
yes , it does . i actually use mine on one occasionally . it is the widemouth ( large mason jars ) that will not fit it . hope that helps : - ) jackie 
yes , i think small mouth is the same thing as regular mouth . 
yes it will ... as long as it ball , kerr or a brand name not just a jelly jar from the store . 
its free standing but it does come with an anchor to mount into the wall to make sure it does n't tilt forward . 
yes , it 's a perfect fit . nothing larger though . it will lean forward 
yes 
i would say no . this is a really petite stand . it has a really small footprint . even a light 60 '' tv is going to swallow it up . it may not even provide much if any clearance between the tv and the top shelf , depending on the bezel . it 's also definitely not equipped to handle anything overly heavy . 
yes . i have a 46-inch lg and it fits perfectly . this stand does everything they claim . i do n't remember the max size but i 'd trust it . i may purchase another one to replace an old stand in my bedroom which is a smaller samsung older model 37-inch 
no . 
phillips head screwdriver and a hammer 
if you mean the small ones on top of the desk then yes . if you mean the draws on the right then it 's possible but i would n't because you would be able to see all the drill holes . 
this desk was terrible and hard to put together . not a good buy at all . 
it depends on the size of the base supporting the screen . i operate a rather large laptop ( 15 '' or 15.5 '' ) comfortably on the desk . there is also room under the top shelf for the monitor base to tuck away , but the vertical clearance is under 4 '' . 
hard to say precisely , but given the weight and heft of the desk , i 'd say it 's made of oak . pretty sturdy for its size . 
the desk does not come already assembled . i would recommend having two people for the assembly . 
19.8x47.5x30 '' . 90 pounds and 92 pounds shipping weight . hope this is helpful 
you can not do a mirrored version but you can install the hutch as is on the left hand side of the desk . there is no holes on the top . the hutch is attached to the desk with metal plates screwed from behind . 
the height for canisters are as followed starting from tallest and ending with the shortest 12 '' ,9 '' ,7 '' ,5 '' . 
yes 
quite a lot , i usually buy the small boxes ( 5-ish servings ) and i 've never filled it . it could easily hold one of the larger bags of noodles . i had a tight squeeze getting a box of lasagna noodles in but the whole box fit . hope this help ! 
the actual inner opening size is 3 1 16 inches . 
i do n't believe so ! i bought them for a gf for a bday present n she said she loves hers ! n has n't said anything bout rust ! 
yes 
brew any coffee you want with single-cup convenience ! simply use your own gourmet ground coffee in your keurig k-cup system with the my k-cup reusable filter . filter basket , filter holder and lid are included . the my k-cup is compatible with all keurig k-cup brewers except officepro , b155 , and all other commercial brewers . it is not compatible with the vue system or the rivo system . i also want to say , i like my coffee a little on the strong side . coffee seemed to be a little weak using this . hope i was a help . marylou 
yes ... it does . 
screws down ( aprox . 1 2 turn ) as the original parts . 
it should , i have a different model but i just snap out the black insert for the other kcups and use this refillable one instead 
yes , the reusable k cup filter will fit the keurig mini b30 . it comes with a filter holder and lid . you can easily remove the original k cup filter holder and insert the reusable filter holder in place . you then can brew your favorite brand of ground coffee . the basket washes out easily but i always keep filters full and ready to brew . 
no 
no 
yes it will ! just pop out the factory kcup insert . the reusable grey kcup insert takes it 's place . 
if the product says it is compatible i have a k60 and they work great they should work with a powder chocolate if it is n't too fine . but i do n't drink hot chocolate . just use it as a hot water trough these kcups . 
no , i just checked mine . it does n't have a fan . 
18 '' wide , 9 1 2 '' tall , 13 '' deep ( including `` pizza bump '' ) 
no , it 's large enough to cook about half of a regular sized pizza but certainly not a full regular size . it 's fine for about 3 regular sized slices of bread for grilled cheese , etc ... 
no it goes back 13 '' but it is curved so you can cook a pizza a 10x10 pan would work 
a 13x9 pan would be too big . i am able to cook a full size pizza and i have used a 8x8 sqaure pyrex pan in the toaster oven . i absolutely love the toaster oven , i have made cookies and casseroles . i hope my answers help . 
only about an inch . you have to pull rest of the way . 
it is a roundish bump-out in the back of the toaster oven that allows you to fit a frozen pizza in there . the negative is that this curved out feature means you can not put the toaster oven flush against the back of the counter . i did not like how much room it took up front front to back so i ended giving mine away and buying one without the pizza bump . if you heat up a lot of frozen pizzas and you have a lot of counter space , the model with the pizza bump should work for you . 
this does not have the convection oven feature . i , too , was a little confused about this , but decided to order it anyway . i am glad we did because , hands down , this is the best toaster oven we have ever owned ( i ca n't believe i am excited about this- it really is true , you do eventually turn into your parents ) . very spacious , cooks and toasts evenly , and the crumb tray covers the entire bottom so it is very easy to clean . we have had it now for about 6 months . i would buy it again in a second . 
front and sides only . 
more like lime green and white 
i have not washed it yet but i was very pleased with the quality and how it looked on my daybed . sorry that i ca n't answer your question on washing it as of yet . 
no , it is twin day bed size . very lovely ! 
two 21 cup containers , one 10 cup container , and two 5 cup containers . 
yes they are . all of the containers have the same length and width , only the height varies . 
i am not sure what vacuum model you have but it could be one of several issues . the wand pushes into the lower body of the vacuum and at that point it opens or closes a valve to allow you to use the sweeper or the wand , if the wand has no suction it is generally caused by sticky valve or something is lodged in the valve assembly creating the problem . i would also check the hose and make sure nothing is lodged where the hose enters the lower part of the vacuum . the hose on most models unscrews with a 1 2 turn . if you can not get suction you may need to take it in for service . 
i can not give you any specific dimensions as the handle is contour for easy handling and gripping . however , i can mention that both the main handle at the top and on the canister have a nice textured rubber surface that makes it easier to grip the machine . even if you can not get your hand all the way around the handle , you will still have a solid grip just from the rubber surface on the bottom . hopefully this information helps . 
the brushroll cleaner is precisely the reason i bought this vac ! the long-haired people in my family had killed 3 previous vacuums but this brushroll gets totally cleared of hair every time . a great idea ! 
it did a great job of picking up cat hair . 
have n't tried that , but we use them in our retail shop and never have had one break . so i just yanked on one as if it was filled with something heavy and it 's still holding ! they 've been great for us ! look good . function well . and great low price ! sometimes if we 're concerned cuz we put something super heavy in one , we suggest the customer carry it in their arms like a baby . hope that helps and happy selling ! ! 
i 'm almost positive it 's twisted . i do n't have them at home to look and be sure . 
it is 4 1 2 inches by 8 inches . perfect for books and smaller purchases . 
no 
okay here are the exact measurements : top to bottom 10 inches side to side 8 inches bottom of bag depth 4 1 2 inches so interior of bag is 4 1 2 across by 8 wide by 10 high ? i hope that makes sense . btw we love these bags very sturdy high quality ! 
bottom of bag reads `` made with 100 % post consumer recycled paper '' and `` usa materials , assembled in mexico '' -- does not have duro name printed on bottom . 
i gave the set as a gift so i did n't measure the rug . i can tell you that it is on the generous side - i 've seen it in my friend 's home and it covers about half the size of her tub . she has a pretty typical sized tub shower combo and it is more than adequate to meet her needs . hope this helps you ! 
it 's the average size for a bathroom set , not bad for the price at all . i washed and dried and still looks good . hope this helps . 
33 1 2 22 1 2 this rug washes up well very nice set ! hope this helps ! 
yes , these are wonderful ppl 
hello th yes we have deeper food inserts available . the one that comes with the chafer is 2 1 2 '' . we have 4 '' , 6 '' , 77 8 '' deep , however the waterpan is 4 '' deep . so if you use the deeper than 2 1 2 '' food pan , you can not use the waterpan . also 6 '' and 7 '' maybe to close to the flames . tony van hemert customer service agent nisbets , inc. 151 bata blvd . belcamp , md 21017 office : 1-888-747-1447 ext . 67002 
4 complete sets , this was a great buy 
no it 's not collaspable . but if u have multiple chafers u can easily stack and consolidate them together 
we have use them at church and they work fine . i was kinda like you , but was suprised at the quality when i used them , may not be top of the line but well worth the money . 
each one is 8qt.. i buy 8 and i love my dishes they are big enough to make good party 's .. 
no it does not 
yes they are stackable . 
yes , set of four 
the dimension of the rack is 24 wide 32 high is that what you mean by package or how it is shipped ? we love it 
the cord on mine is located on the bottom right hand bar . it 's very long ! the electrician who installed ours said it could be shortened but we just folded it up and as the plug socket is behind where we have the rail mounted , towels hide it . i have three of these , two are hard wired and that is the best way to go if you can . they all perform very well and i am pleased with how they look . 
built in - on off switch on the bottom left of the unit . 
o.k . after several tries and going straight to their website , i became more confused as to what was made of what.i finally just called customer service and talked with a very helpful young man who cleared it up.the classic top is made of ultra thin knitted polyester , the underside waterproof barrier is made from 100 % polyurethane . there are no pvc 's , vinyl , or and he was unsure of the pronunciation and spelling , but it does n't have pthath 's either ( your guess is as good as mine on the last one ) . the premium is 100 % cotton terry.i still love the product no matter what it 's made of . 
it goes on like a fitted sheet . the pad portion covers the entire mattress . i imagine tightness depends on thickness of mattress . my daughter has an 8 inch mattress and it still fits well but would be tighter on a thicker mattress . 
if i was concerned about that i would get the one that slips over the entire mattress and has a locking zipper the first one i ordered did this one is a fitted type 
i do n't see why it would n't be safe . but in not sure . works on our mattress . it goes on like a sheet . 
the packaging reads 3-year warranty but it does not specify what is covered on the warranty it has a website you can consult www.saferest.com and a phone number you can call 888-714-7408 . 
not at all . no sound , no heat ... it 's like cloth on top and a plastic underneath ... ..i 'm hot natured , and would rip it off if it made me hot and it does not . hope this helps . 
it is like a cotton back plastic tablecloth but it is very soft under your bed sheet and very nice to touch . i like it and will get one for all my children 's beds 
yes ! the more you wash and dry ... the softer they get ! 
they are as warm as any other towel 
these towels are not a traditional towel , they are made of finely spun cotton and are more similar to a bed sheet , as in a woven material , then a cotton loop traditional towel . i 've actually started using these towels over my regular bath towels because they are just so soft after only a few washes and dry super fast so they do n't get smelly like a bath towel does . 
they should be 100 % cotton 
absolutely , i use it as a towel , chair cover when grandkids are here , wrap when sitting outside on cooler nights , blanket at the beach . whatever you can think of 
turkey 
i wash mine in cold water and hang over the shower door to dry . it dries super fast . 
it might not be a perfect match , but it 's very close . it 's a very attractive cabinet- we are not sorry we bought it . 
inside wall dimensions is 14 wide 24 high 3 1 2 deep . love this cabinet . sorry to take so long to respond . 
japan 
yes 
i gave it as a gift but if i remember correctly i would say like 8-9inches 
black thin fabric . 
yes 
you most likely should expect to receive it early to middle of next week if you order by tonight ! 
twin 
yes , ours is pure white . the legs are lighter than they appeared to me in the picture , however - more of an ecru , and lighter in shade . there may be variation in the product , but i can not speak to that . we love ours ! 
the inside diameter is approximately 5 and 1 2 inches . i own calphalon cooking ware , but i purchased this circulon unit because i wanted something smaller to cook asparagus or four ears of corn on the cob . works luck a charm ! the inside basket makes steaming so easy . no problem with clean-up ! because the handle of the lid is taller than most pots , i turn the top inward to fit in my cupboards . my daughters bought themselves one each because they liked how mine steamed . 
2 to 3 lbs if they are thing , or a pound of the bigger ones 
best for heles but can be used for the front of the flat shoe too not for the sides as much 
it widens out at least one letter width . especially when you use the attachments on either side . you have to be careful not to twist the handle too far because it can dig into the footbed of the shoe . 
yes . mine is stretching a pair of steve madden cloth pumps atm . ( nala leopard ) 
hi mimi , it looks as if the size 8 shoe stretcher is the largest available , it is the one i ordered and it has been wonderful . 
it comes in one set , left foot and a right foot , so for one pair of shoes . this stretcher is only meant for high heal type shoes as well , no flat shoe . 
sure . as long as it has a bit of an arch . 
extremely wide , wider than you will ever need . it only seperates at the toe area though , not the whole shoe . 
the outside of your shoe is leather , but is the lining leather or vinyl . if the lining is vinyl it may have gone back to original shape . are you using a stretching spray , which is probably mostly alcohol . try again , with a spray , leave in a bit longer . some other consumers say 5 days . my shoes are all itslian leather lined , sorry , they stay stretched . i count the number of twists i do on a shoe . if you have to repeat process , give another twist or so . good luck . 
this chair is for a small person i weigh 155 and i feel a little cramped in it especially if you have pets that likes to set with you 
hello tracie , the seat width is 18 '' 
they are probably 3-4 inches long . they are the size you would get from say baskin robbins to taste test ice cream . 
the whole spoon is smooth . they worked great 
hi , it is 3 1 4 '' long , the spoon part measures 1 1 4 '' x 3 4 '' . i used them for 2 oz . pudding shots and they worked perfect . it added to the fun ! 
3 inches from tip to tip the handle is 2 inches and the scooped part 1 inch by 1 half inch 
i do n't know the exact length , as they are not in front of me , but they are roughly 2.5 '' -3 '' in length . 
double-edged . 
i think it 's made in the us by a company that makes mobile homes . read all the reviews i think one of them answers that question . no country of origin info anywhere so it must be made in the us . the 8 inch chef knife is also a real gem and i tend to use it more and reserve the santoku for veg . 
yes . 
no . 
i think about 6 ' 
no , not really . these type of pumps can cavitate , i think i have only seen small diaphram pumps that are self priming for these kind of small food grade beer pumps . however it works great and primes easily when the pump is even slightly below your liquid . this works the same way as the march pumps of similar design but seems a bit stronger faster . 
while there are no speed settings , you can put a ball valve on the output . doing this will give you flow control . never restrict the input . 
yes 
do n't understand what you are asking ? pump weight and dimensions ? 
minimal assembly with included allen wrench i believe . it took me all of 10-15 minutes by myself . super quick , very durable and attractive ! 
thanks for your question ! according to the product details the dimensions are 26 '' x 16 '' x 28 '' h. i hope this helps ! 
very thin and suction cups do not hold very well . 
yes it fits great 
very easy i place mine in the washer on a gentle cycle with a little soap and bleach . let air dry and your good to go . 
probably not 
according to the manual ( which can be found here http : manuals.frigidaire.com prodinfo_pdf edison 2020266a0220en.pdf ) , it does poorly in temperatures below 41 degrees farenheit 
mine has a manufacture date of aug 2013. the compressor shuts off as soon as the humidity level has been reached . the fan runs for another few minutes to dry off the coils prevent mildew from growing . when it comes back on , both the fan & compressor come on at the same time . 
yes , the humidifier only drips down . after dumping the bucket several times , i bought : little giant vcma-15ul 1 50 horsepower 115 volts vcma series automatic condensate removal pump and watts svig20 pre-cut 1 2-inch diameter by 3 8-inch clear vinyl tubing , 20-foot length the humidifier now drips into the pump and the pump drives the water up into a clothes washer drain . the pump only runs when the water level gets to high enough within it and it just takes some seconds to empty , so the pump only runs when it needs to . now i do n't have to empty the bucket or bother with it at all any more . 
1 year full warranty . 5 year warranty for compressor , condenser , evaporator and tubing . 
this unit is rated for 41 degrees . my basement was 57 degrees and it did not produce water . ( nor did the replacement ) 
i run the drain hose into the basement floor drain . the hose is not included . i picked one up at the local hardware store . 
the diameter of the inside of the opening is 1.75 inches , or 4.45 centimeters . the jar itself is 3 inches tall , by 2 inches by 2 inches ( 7.6 cm x 5.1 cm x 5.1 cm ) . 
these little jars are 2 '' cubes - actually 3 '' tall with the snug fitting lid . i love them . 
this is just a guess , but i think one of these jars would hold about 4 liquid ounces . weight measured in ounces would vary , depending upon what it is . 
yes , with plastic inner seals 
about 4 inches high , including the stopper , and 3 inches across . 
very small , holds about 2 oz of liqid . 
actually many customers use a magnetic knife rack for these knives . the coating does not inhibit the steel in these knives from being used on a magnetic knife rack . 
yes ... all knives come with hard plastic sheaths 
yes ! and they 'll sharpen for free . just got a couple of mine back today . 
hello i gave it as a gift but i think acrylic 
when i received mine it took up pretty much the whole box it came in . 
7 inches 
not sure but it 's a great bench . we use it when we have extra company and 3 average weight adults fit comfortably with no issues . we love it ! 
yes ... .i did that with bench and all the dining room chairs ... 
59 '' l x 15 w 
60 x 16 x 20.2 inches ; 46 pounds 
hi sheryl , the bench 's dimensions are as follows : 60 x 16 x 20.2 inches . 
i have this stand and have about the same size tv and wight and it moves around great with it on it . it is a great stand for the money . 
its fairly easy but the 2 metal covers for the back ( to hide wires from view ) do not fit properly.we just left them off , and hide the wires by stacking dvd , cd , etc on the shelves.hope this helps.it is a well-made product though . 
hello , i did not have any challenges . i have owned my stand now for eight months . solid stand . what is the issue ? 
there is not a lock on caster . 
17 '' h x 18 '' w x18 '' d . 
yes , it will work perfectly . transdeco 65 inch tv stand is beautyful and strong ! 
2 boxes 
no 
if i remember correctly the casters are what attach the bottom shelf to the posts . so , unless you get your own screws you wo n't be able to use it without the casters . 
i use the rake before i vacuum . there are no marks either way . i 've used this type of implement before and find it 's a necessity for lifting animal hair out of the carpet pile . 
fairly stiff . it did a great job and never felt like limp or soft bristles 
yes , it does 
the accuracy of this scale is 1 g so it will automatically round off to the nearest gram . therefore it will not accurately measure recognize the difference between 1.8 and 2.2 g. if you need accuracy to + - 0.1 g you need a different scale . however for cooking purposes 1g accuracy is all you need . 
not that i 've found . all you do is push the button until you get the desired weight category . 
it will stay set for grams ... what ever weight measurment type you used when you turn it off will be teh one it starts up with . it also sets itself off if you do n't use.. good little unit . 
the scale is 8.5 inches x 4.25 inches . i 'm not sure how much the bowl carries , but it 's generous in size ! the top is 9.25 in diameter on top and the base is 3 '' wide . it makes a good mixing bowl . i love this scale and highly recommend it . 
i do n't think so . i noticed when i used this regularly without the bowl that if i put a box on it and could not see the weight , i had to somehow sneak or move quickly the box to see the weight as it disappears quickly . 
yes it does ... ... ... ... ... ..so if you walk away after a few minutes it will turn off 
2 min i think 
it comes with 3 aaa batteries . it is not rechargeable . i really do love this scale . i have been using scales for several years and this is the best one . good luck . 
the utensil set and holder are made in china . the product is surprisingly sturdy and i use them daily . that is a fair amount of abuse but they seem to hold up well . just a precaution ... .do not wash the holder , wipe it clean . nice set of utensils at a decent price . 
thank you for your questions . bamboo utensil are slightly coated with food safe varnish and has been tested to meet fda requirement . hope this answers your question on our product . 
the bamboo container ( box ) is 4 '' x 4 '' ( width of each side ) x 6 '' high . the utensils are each about 12 '' high . they fit very well in the container along with some extra items that i added for convenient storage . it is a very nice set , especially at such an affordable cost . 
we clean our bamboo utensils by hand-washing only along with other delicate dishes . we did use sandpaper to smooth out a small splinter on one of the handles without issue . i 'm not sure about the mold but if it were me , i 'd go ahead and try the sandpaper before throwing them away or maybe soaking them in some mold remover ( or both ) ; you 've got nothing to lose , right ? 
no . 
yes . i used the round spatula in my stir fry vegetable while the skillet is hot . 
i have not put in dishwasher . i have always been told to never put bamboo in dishwater , hand wash only . 
i do n't think it is but i 'm not sure . for that price range i do think they look nicer than any i have seen . 
it does not but the only assembly is attaching the legs . it 's very easy . 
before i buy this , i am returned but i don 't recivered take back money i do n't know why & # 65311 ; could you tall me . 
thanks for your question ! according to the manufacturer 's website the dimensions of the chair are as follows : overall size : 29 '' x26 '' x28 '' seat size : 19 '' x19 '' x17 '' i hope this helps ! 
r true to the description 
in the oil . below a removable steel plate 
what ever the recipe you are following tells you to do . typically around 2-3 minutes for breaded bite ( or couple of bites ) sized pieces of chicken at 375. different sized pieces of chicken and temperatures will call for different cooking times . it is always safest to double check the doneness of the chicken with a meat thermometer to ensure the piece of chicken has been properly cooked . 
1750 watt immersion heating element 
yes 
i do not know what you mean by magnetic elec cord . it is a 3 wire 110-volt cord that requires a 20 amp breaker 
no 
the handle is loose on the basket , which is very cheaply made . the thermometer barely makes french fry temp . i would not buy this again . buy locally so you can return professional quality it is not 
that depends on how big your calzones are . the basket is 8 '' x 7 '' x 4-1 2 '' deep , and the fryer itself is maybe 1-2 '' bigger in each direction . i would think this would fit most calzones . 
slightly less than 6.5 inches . hope this is helpful 
i have n't had any issues cleaning it . i use a bottle brush to get in between the wires . 
thank-you for your inquiry and that is made overseas in china . thank-you 
not sure , but it is heavier wt . than other sifters i 've had . feels and works like a good quality sifter -- that it is , 
the opening at the top is 4 3 4 in diameter and the opening at the bottom is 2 1 4 in diameter . hope that helps 
yes it would . 
i have had my towel for a short amount of time and it has n't fallen apart yet . 
ca n't we all ? it is about 5-6 inches when arrives in packages but expands as it settles in to the natural air 
about one third of the way 
i would say it 's about 2 to 2 and a half pounds . 
you should be able to . i use mine for soap , but it is food grade silicone so chocolate would be ok . 
about 2 1 2 inch in length 
i did more research . the silicone is safe to 400 degrees and can be used for soaps , candles etc . but : 1. the mold is very shallow so soaps would be very fragile 2. molds used for foods should not be used for anything else . so if you want a soap rose a specialty soap mold would likely give a better result . hope this helps . 
yes , that is what the mold is made for that is why it is called a flower fondant mold . very nice molds to make quick beautiful designs with . 
if there is enough volume of gas it will be up to 325,000 btu . but in order to get this high of btu you have to have a meter that has that capability . as it turned out , my gas meter was only able to provide about 250,000 btu and with the small line i had feeding it there was not enough volume of gas to pull enough air to make a clean flame . so , until i get a larger meter and run at least a 1 '' gas line i can not use this burner . good luck ... 
i do n't use one with my homes natural gas . you would probably need one if you 're using propane 
i would n't use indoors unless i had an industrial sized kitchen hood with plenty of ventilation . 
the 23 tip burner is 9 '' in diameter and the 32 tip burner is 10 '' in diameter 
no unfortunately we do not offer free shipping on this item . 
this is the same size as a standard twin mattress . 75 '' long . so probably a bit short for someone 6'3 except for occasional use . 
yes , it has a zipper on the back of each of the three cushions so it would be removable . the type of material could also be spot cleaned . 
you could probably fold it , but it already so darm big that it would be huge . 
yes , i have the shikibuton trifold and it is a high density foam , not memory foam so it is much firmer . i think that is the main difference . the other differences you can observe for yourself 
not very firm . has a little give . 
i have not noticed any pilling or shedding . the blanket is very nice . 
my blanket was made in china . 
yes . 
it is 84 '' x90 '' and fits a queen bed perfectly with nice overhang . the best electric blanket we have ever owned . 
twin-75 '' l x 38 '' w queen-62 '' - 100 '' h x 84 '' - 90 '' w x 0.5 '' d 
it is included 
it is really more for a teenager ! it is really a furniture piece ! 
about 33.25 in 
what are dimensions ? 
i can not answer for what size they are , but you should be able to find them on amazon by searching `` ball lock o-ring '' . they 're cheap , so buy extras ... you 'll need them ! 
if the low profile sanke d tap has male threads for both out and in connections then it will fit , just be careful some of those taps have fixed barb outs that arent adaptable.. 
i 'm not sure if they are 304 or not . they are standard stainless ball lock post that are machined down a bit to fit the nut . 
yes , very easily in fact . just look for the flat groove at the base of the fitting just above the threaded part ; that is the gas port . 
1 to 10 = 6 or 7 depends the weith . ( i 'm 90 kg ) . 
soft . it 's a plush . softer than what i expected but i still really like it . 
no but i can tell you that we purchased this bed on line without sleeping on it . we are 100 % staisfied , it is very comfortable and firm . we would purchase again . buying mattresses is difficult as to know which model is which ... . 
it 's a set . mattress and box spring . 
no you can just use one side of the mattress in they are very soft 
yes it does , but i would not recommend this seller , their service is very unreliable . it is good mattress but buy it somewhere else . 
yes , it is a queen size mattress set . 
i 'm sorry , but i do n't have the answer to that . all i can tell you is that it 's a wonderful mattress that my son loves . i was so tempted to switch it with my older queen when i saw it . 
yes . the shape is perfect to serve as a dutch oven and it is pretty heavy as well . 
this pan is not made in france . i believe it is made in china . cuisinart has a `` french classic '' line made in france . i have the 6 quart version and it is a great pan , but of course it costs more . 
no , there is not 
yes works fine on my portable induction 
interior depth is 5 inches . inside diameter is 9 1 4 inches . 
the pot without handles is 10 '' in diameter and 5 '' high 
not at all 
mattress pad only . 
ca n't hear it ally all , like it 's not even there . 
if you are asking how much does it weight , i dont the exact weight , however its very light , easy to open up and fluff across the bed . almost like a shower curtain liner but it feels like a regular bed sheet . it 's not heavy or padded at all.i hope that helps . 
do n't know . suggest you try to contact mfg . good luck ! 
yes well worth the money . 
i see your question asking what qt stands for ... it is quart . in metric the sizes are : 1l , 2.1l , 3l and 5l . the fry pans are 8.5 '' and 11 '' in diameter . 
i do not know about the particular brand , ceran . however i use this set on my decor and sumsong ( @ my vacation home ) glass cooktop and have no problem on either . 
yes , the symbol is on the bottom of the pans . 
you have a question of fact and i 'm not in the best position to answer it . ask the manufacturer , tfal - i called them once and spoke to someone quickly . i also looked at a sauce pan and could not see where it is manufactured . 
yes 
stainless 
that 's hard to answer . it really depends on how dirty or clean your air is . the system tells you when it needs to be changed . i actually clean the charcoal filter several times before changing it . the other filters i only change once a year . i hope that helps . : ) 
it does not indicate in the specifications , however it does have a hepa filter which will help eliminate the toxins from smoke . 
i have had it in my shower for a couple of months and there is no rust . it also does not show water spots like some brushed nickel does . it looks just like it did the day i bought it . 
interesting question ... i assumed they were made in germany but i called wusthof and was told the stainless steel knives are made in china . all the others in germany . 
yes , i rate them higher than the others . they are maid with excellent quality . 
no ... .it is a great set , very sharp beautiful box . gave to my daughter and family ( who lived in germany ) and they love it . 
once the order has been placed ... you can then send the seller an email message and attach the file through that email . this is the best way to send a file . 
its a canvas photo . i would n't unless it was framed with glass . i do n't know what water or steam would do to the canvas 
i am a mechanical engineer . i ca n't give a precise answer , but in general the lower the quality of stainless steel ( ss ) the more it will attract a magnet . the sides of this dish rack do not seem to attract a magnet at all , = & gt ; good ss . however , the wire parts have a very strong magnetic attraction , on the level of ordinary carbon steel . the wire part is shiny , suggesting that it is nothing more than plated steel . = & gt ; not ss at all . i find it to be very functional in design . but to call this product ss is false advertising . 
i have this item and would not trust in washer . i believe the tray would be too large , unless you ran it by itself . they are not marked `` dw safe '' . 
i wish there was but i am afraid not . my sink is to the right side of the drain and i like to put spoons etc close to the drain side but in this case , i have to go on top of the dishes to put it on the opposite side which was annoying in the beginning but now i dont feel it . its probably the best drying rack out there . 
19 inches in length and 14 1 2 inches wide 
the metal part is 15 x 15 1 2 by 6 `` tall . the plastic silverware holder would be added on the the length , it is about 3 `` wide 
we have a california king and i would have liked it to be a little wider . when my hubby turns over , he sometimes pulls the covers . so far the blanket is not off me , but it does get close . so width wise , i 'd say yes . length is no problem . i 'm not sure of the length of a queen , but must be similar to california king . 
wash warm in washer . line dry . i have used light heat in gentle dryer . no problems . 
mine is king size , so there are two controls , one for each side . you might need to fiddle with which one goes where because i found the directions a little confusing , not much because i managed to attach the cords in the right place and once i pushed the `` on off '' button , i adjusted the temperature ( 1-19 and h for high ) and felt which side was affected ( i had it backwards at first ) , and then i discovered the rest of the settings , including whether you want `` auto off '' or `` stay on '' . auto off turns it off after your specified number of hours up to 10 hours . i set it for stay on . i turn the blanket on while getting ready for bed and it 's warm as toast when i climb into bed . when i get up in the morning i turn it off , no rocket science needed . it will take a few nights to find your ideal setting . i have no central heating and use `` 14 '' as the ideal setting so i neither sweat nor get chilled . keep other blankets handy in case your power goes out . those two tear drop areas under the labelled buttons are - + for changing your setting , e.g . if it 's really cold , i might raise the 14 temperature setting by pushing the + teardrop button . you 'll end with kids and dogs piled in with you because this is true comfort . 
it 's only one plug , in the center bottom of the blanket . 
no , but a very nice binding . i am very satisfied 
i bought the king size for my bed . only problem is it 's not long enough on the sides and the cord should be longer for the dual controls . when i make the bed , the control falls off the night table . it 's excellent for warmth though . 
glass indeed . quite tight and sturdy . i love that feature . 
they are quite small . i will give you the exact measurement later in the evening once i get home . but even if you fill the spices you can fit the spoon in it without any issues . 
yes it is . 
well it is , but depending on the lighting and your wall colors the gold fades . i did not want gold , i wanted a tan but it needed to have the hue of yellow in it . when my bedroom is dark it is hold however when there is natural light the go , d is not visible . my walls are tan but with no yellow , my accent colors in the room are chocolate , teal , green , yellow and red . this comforter was on the right border side of gold . 
30 x 20 x 0.4 inches 
20 inches by 30 inches . very nice mats . wife and i like them alot ! ! highly suggest buying them . 
20 x 30 
30 '' x 20 '' , 3 8 '' thickness . 
i have not used it for epoxy resin projects but i have used the molds for the epoxy for cake decorating . so i would think it would work fine . i hope this helped . 
hello , the entire rose is 2 3 4 '' wide and 1 1 2 '' high . this is really a beautiful mold . every single rose i made came out perfect or almost perfect . i use my mold for polymer clay ( sculpey ) and i have been very pleased with the results . it 's a great size for a brooch or any other decorative purposed . i think that you would be very pleased with this mold . have fun , paola 
yes you can 
i would guess about 1 2 cup depending how much you fill towards the back . i keep mine open because i use it so often its easier than trying to open every time . 
plastic . buy something else , do n't like them at all ! 
no it was made in china..i wish there was some way thati could have know.i prefer to buy american . 
not at all . 
i do n't know , but i power it on about 5-minutes before going to bed and press the ph ( pre-heat ) button . five minutes after going to bed it is hot enough for me to power off the unit . it is very , very nice blanket . 
i do n't think you need it . although i do have a comforter over mine but i am on a pourch with no heat . i dont have my blanket set over 5 or it to hot and i kick it off in the middle of the night 
it runs on a standard household plug . 110v . if the 220v has a standard plug then it would be ok 
yes 
no . 
i do not own a dishwasher but all parts are glass and i would think they are safe . i use them as spice jars . 
the id clasp to clasp is 1 and7 8 inches . they are very nice jars ! hope that helps . 
4 inches , or just over 10 centimeters . 
they are about 1 1 2 inches at their largestest opening but remember they are oval 
no 
it mixed some dough that we always had to struggle to do by hand because our previous mixers would n't do it . we think it is the greatest . so i guess the answer to your question is yes . very strong motor . 
mine does the same thing , makes a loud clicking noise when mixing bread or thick cookie dough . kitchenaid 's response was : `` the clicking noise is normal , especially under a heavy load . '' so it is a known problem . personally , i would call this a design defect . no other motorized appliance i have ever used made noises unless it was broken . i may opt for a smaller model or a different brand . 
i saw a recommendation in cooks illustrated magazine . 
no 
it 's entirely burgundy with light beige strips . very nice set . well worth the money ! 
yes the measurements are correct . the cotton in the comforter seems to bunch up that 's the only down fall . i love it but i 'm sure my next comforter will be a little more expensive 
it easily fits on our king size bed , however we do n't have a box spring . with a box spring i do n't think the sides would be covered w the comforter . 
no but i have used it inside a grandfather clocck and it seems to work great ... i live in haaaii and the humidity is high here . 
110 
absolutely ! it has a tight grip to hold onto a waistband and the clip for the keys is snug enough where the keys ca n't work themself off . mine is about six months old and still pretty tight . if it were ever too stretched , i would probably fold the waistband double or supplement with a backing of extra material . 
you can use one hand , your thumb and index finger to remove the key ring with out removing the clip . use your thumb to move the space between the key ring and lift up the key ring with the other fingers and wa- la it 's off in a flash . 
it hides the smoke and smell.when you smoke , before you exhale , put your mouth on the small hole and exhale . you ca n't see the smoke come out the other end and it wo n't smell like anything . make sure the caps are off both ends though . 
i 'm not familiar with the power hitter . this is just a filter . it 's like what kids used in the dorms . it is similar to a paper towel roll with dryer sheets stuffed inside . no smoke , or smell comes out the end of these though . i recommend the full size over the small , but he large does n't fit in your pocket . 
they do they same thing but the bigger one will last much longer . 
long enough to party a few times . though if i had to put a number i 'd say between 2 and 300 
its basically a filter . when smoking you exhale thru the smoke buddy and it filters the air making the exhale virtually clean . cant see or smell smoke exhaled thru the smoke buddy . it works suprisenly well in my opinion . 
this frame allows you to add any normal head and foot board . so if yours are normal standard twin size they should fit . 
there 's warranty on this one . 
i would assume so , but of course a division with mattresses . i needed these to have twin sized beds for triplets . they had outgrown two mattresses pushed together . one was always sleeping over the division between the mattresses ... not so comfortable ? if you were meaning hooking the frames together to make one big frame for king sized , i do n't know about that as the middle would have no supports ? i really forget how they hooked together to remember if that would work at all . kathy 
no . requires support for the matress 
yes 
it is a mystery why their description says `` 75 x 75 x 7 inches '' , since it is entirely incorrect . rounded to the nearest inch , it 's 64 x 39 x 8 inches . it is definitely a twin-sized bed frame . ( it 's actually a little bit shorter than ideal for a twin , but it works . note : it is not for a twin-xl . ) 
yes 
my advise , this is really weak product and useless , i bought it and it broke very fast it could hold only max 1 year old babe ! ! ! ! 
not much to say . very much as advertized . you wo n't go wrong . 
it 's some sort of wipeable vinyl and yes it has a zipper . we love ours . 
this tablecloth is 100 % polyester fabric . 
hi- it is a color may vary item and the color ca n't be chosen . you will receive any of the colors shown on the picture . 
looking at the picture - it says zippered . 
i recommend a low rpm motor that has a 5 8 shaft with keyway . you can get 5 8 bore pulleys at a hardware store . you may have to order the pulley that goes on your mill since i could not find that size at the store . my system is configured with a 5 '' pulley on the motor and a 3 '' pulley at the mill with a 30 '' belt to get an rpm from 83 to 133. your motor does n't necessarily have to be that low of rpm but you do want to crush your mill any higher than 200rpm . i spoke to todd millar , the inventor of this product and he recommends no more than 200. wether you have to reduce or increase your speed , go to this site to figure out what pulley size you need to achieve your desired rpm : blocklayer.com pulley-belteng.aspx 
not huge because you have to assemble the hopper . wo n't fit in a normal mailbox though . 
designed for milling barley for home brewing . 
it may take the husk off but you still would have to separate afterwords . i would say its a crusher only . 
the holes are about the same size . this one that has no handle that you should think about it . 
cast iron , no coating , we had to season it w oil when started 
this takoyaki pan is not painted and it 's bare but the small handle is very hot though 
yes , and i just did them in my new lg dryer on the correct setting , still wrinkled , but once you spread them out on the bed , they seem to relax ( except for the top rim ) guess if we want the sheets our mom 's did for us , it is back to the ironing board as they are all cotton . i do however like the feel of them when in bed . ( use little heat when drying ) 
they feel like cotton : ) 
they are 23 '' deep and fit my pillow top that i can never find deep enough sheets for ... 
yes , it is printed on the bottom , `` bpa free '' 
i found the recipes at the web site help and a begining point to create my own , great and easy to use i will keep trying more it would help if company had a web site where users could put up recipes and comments . 
yes , you can . i have cooked everything from rice to fresh vegetables in mine . i absolutely love mine . 
the size of container says 2.6 l , and yes it comes with a suggestion for clocking white rice , quinoa , polenta and couscous with all falling around 7-9 oz of rice . water level and avg . cooking time per watt microwave 
you would have to experiment but i 'm sure you could . i 've only cooked rice in mine . really it 's just a really good bon stick plus it retains the moisture really well . it 's really well made and easy to clean . 
the manual had directions for white rice , quinoa , polenta , and couscous . there is no mention of lentils . 
yes in fact you need a box spring . 
from under the bed to the floor is 5 inches 
seems sturdy and should be able to handle easy 400+ only issue is with any movement the ribs slide out of their little pockets rather easily . i have n't gotten around to it yet but , i am going to super glue the wooden ribs inside their plastic sleeves . at the current moment if i plop down in the bed after a long day odds are more than one of them will come out and fall down , occasionally leading to the mattress sinking into the slot . overall good bed frame just the sleeves and wooden rib pieces are loosely fitting and cause quite the headache . 
no 
yes that is correct 
i honestly do not know ! i 've tried researching it and have read the 1800 premier is also 1800 thread count ! as far as sheets go , i 've never had anything this soft and comfortable . anything in the past was purchased by my ex and was far more expensive than theses . sorry i ca n't be mor specific but i hope it helps a little . 
my son 's bed does fit only sheets that are twin xl sheets . the mattress i just bought for my sons are not fitted for a regular twin size sheet . they only are fit for twin xl sheets . 
it is not specified anywhere on the packaging . their website says `` microfiber '' . 
this is an 1800 thread count sheet set . very soft . 
it says it includes two pillowcases 
yes , this unit measures both humidity and temperature . i use it to cure capicola and it monitors both and regulates the power to the freezer and humidifier . 
yes , it does 
yes 
yes however you will either need to cut the power plug off of your humidifier and wire it directly or wire the controller to an outlet that you can then plug your humidifier into . 
3 fts . 
this unit only has one set of relay contacts . you would need to run two of these units . one for humidification and one for dehumidification . 
sorry it could not . 
hello janine , this is a one gallon jar . measures 10 '' x 5.5 '' x 5.5 '' hope this helps . let me know if you have further questions . thank you . 
i have never put it in the dishwasher , i have been hand washing it . the lid definitely could not go in a dishwasher since that is the solar mechanism . 
it 's not flimsy ; about as thick as a reusable water bottle 
yes , this item is `` polyethylene pete , bpa free , and phthalates free . '' 
it does n't collapse , per se , but the wheel comes off . i believe the little cups detach as well . 
yes . 
it is perfect for spaghetti . 
the tall one holds an entire lb . of pasta , and there is room left . the next size holds about 2-3 lbs . of sugar . the next size holds about 2 lbs . of flour . i only have some sugar in the small one . i love this set . this spring i had ants and they could not get in there ! 
no 
no 
i use mine in a 20x12 with ( 8 ' ceilings ) room and it seems to work well . i have n't done relative humidity measurements . 
what cartridge do you change . or do you change a filter ? where can i buy them ? 
yes 
no sire . i use this machine nearly weekly and never saw a rubber ring . everything seems to cook and come out just fine without a rubber ring . 
stoneware 
no 
it does get hot enough that you would n't want to leave your hand on it , but i do n't think it would burn you . 
yes , it does . 
no , there are three seats , two recline on the ends , middle just a seat . 
it goes back all the way like any other . it is really good , soft and solid unlike the set i got from rooms to go . if you get hot easy , then you might wan na think a little more about it cus the fabric is warm , i like it but you should be warned . hope this helps : ) 
comes assembled 
we have 3 dogs and have no trouble with it having dog hair all over it or anything like that 
we had to assemble the sofa when it arrived so i would assume the backs will be just as easy to remove as they were to put on . 
i do n't believe so , no . but i could be wrong . 
it comes in a big box . it will fit in a regularly size door way . the driver will bring it right to your door with no problems . 
we do white glove delivery in the washington dc metro area only 
probably an rtd . google an rtd chart ... 
they are clear . 
yes ! absolutely . you cut the plastic tip off to fit whatever tip you intend on using . super easy . i love these bags . 
yes . i have n't encountered any issues with any fillings yet . the bag is extremely thick . 
i 'm not sure why it says 12 '' . i thought that was the length of the box , but it is actually 11.5 '' . the bags themselves are 10 '' wide x 21 '' long . good quality too . 
you are correct . it weighs what a normal pan weighs . 
yes 
no , they are aluminum and ceramic neither of which are ferromagnetic . 
i 'm afraid i do n't know that . the pans were ja gift . 
i am sorry i can not be of help . i did not need a lid . i use it for frying . sorry i could n't help . 
i thinks so 
hi sherry sorry it took so long for me to respond but i called the manufacturer and their customer service person called his plant . he has advised me the drink blender is bpa free . i realize the importance of your question as i am also aggressively working to remove bpa items from my home . i hope this helps . thanks anna 
yes 
i do n't know ; my house it 's 110v 
that 's the downside . there do n't seem to be extra parts . i 'd contact the company . 
hi nicholas , great question ! i had a customer that asked the same question and i reached out to the manufacturer for an answer . the models we have is stock are in fact bpa free according to their customer service team . i am not certain if all of them are . if you currently own one you can call them and provide the upc number , if you are interested in purchasing one the models we list are bpa free . let me know if you need further assistance . good luck ! 
the bottom of the box says : made in china . distributed by telasia inc. , laval , ouebec canada h7s 2g2 . tel : 877-895-9995. and the distributor for cuizen in the us is in corona , california . tel : 855-878-4110.there are no recycling symbols or numbers on any of the plastic parts , and nothing in print to tell us if it is bpa free or not . 
make one it should be easy 
the approximate measurements are follows : 1 . ) the height is 57 1 4 inches tall ( back of the baker 's rack ) 2 . ) 25 1 4 inches wide ( back of the baker 's rack ) 3 . ) the top 2 shelves are 24 1 2 inches x 9 1 2 inches 4 . ) the 3rd shelf is 24 1 2 x 12 1 4 inches 5 . ) the bottom shelf is 24 1 2 x 13 1 4 inches the space between each shelf : 6 . ) bottom shelf to 3rd shelf is 16 3 4 inches 7 . ) 3rd shelf to 2nd shelf is 14 3 4 inches 8 . ) 2nd shelf to top shelf is 10 3 4 inches 
the one i purchased has been outside on patio for 7 months . it has not rusted . 
so much depends on the size and shape of the items placed on the shelves - note , this bakers rack is free standing , so care must be taken when `` loading '' the shelves 
the distance between the two top shelves is about 11 inches . those shelves are slightly narrower having a depth about 9 and 1 2 inches . the distance between the second ( top ) shelf and third is about 14 inches with the third shelf being a little more than a foot deep . the distance from the the shelf to the bottom shelf is about 17 inches with the bottom shelf being a little more than 13 inches deep . so yes the bottom shelves are deeper . 
they are given in the description ... 58 high x 14 deep x 26 inches wide 
this is lightweight . a beautiful set ! 
hello , yes after a minute they are hot . 
i have used them for years in the microwave . 
no . as i have learned , this is a `` korean '' bedding style . there is no fitted sheet . the `` flat sheet '' is what you see there in the picture with ruffles and bows . i just got a regular sheet set to go with it , for practical purposes . i took the `` flat sheet '' that came with it and made some cut valances to go with the comforter and had plenty left over for me to make a blanket and pillow for her dolls bed to match hers . it is very cute . just know that you will also have to purchase a duvet insert . i was unfamiliar with duvets until i purchased this . still , it is adorable and my daughter loves it ! 
iam not sure . it is very well made ! ! i would reorder from them anytime ! ! 
dear sabrina ; here is the other throw pillow link , you can add it to your cart . http : www.amazon.com diaidi-rustic-decorative-pillows-decorate dp b00ec8wrmk ref=sr_1_5 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1376795641 & sr=8-5 & keywords=diaidi+throw+pillow 
it 's designed to just use one side ( with a rut carved for liquid food to flow into on just 1 side ) . but i do n't see why you ca n't oil and use both . 
yes it 's the perfect size 
the cutting board is 16 '' wide by 14 '' deep by 1 '' high . 
it is heavy enough is does n't slide around much 
call the oreck hotline they are very helpful . 
yes , have use on laminate flooring . it works perfectly . i 've been using this unit for the past 2 years in 2 houses and it 's still working perfectly . 
what do you mean by unstop ? 
it weighs about 10 lbs . fyi : after having this for some time i would not buy it again . the vacuum part is okay for an apartment but the wash part is ridiculous and i never use it once trying it out . i wish i had bought it directly from oreck so that i might have returned it but i did n't and was stuck with it . i like oreck but not this model . hope this helps in your decision . 
no idea , sherry . also , i should re-rate this vacuum as it has not held up well . never use the floor cleaner part and the vacuum is just not doing the job well . i wish i had just bought the regular oreck , which i have liked in the past . good luck finding the filter - have not needed to replace one yet . 
the steamer part is pretty easy to use in my opinion . fill the compartment with water , set the vacuum on the pad and turn the dial to steam . i have tile flies and have not noticed streaking . the vacuum container does need cleaned after each use because it 's pretty small and really affects the suction if full . works great for my kitchen to vacuum and steam . not for the whole house and lots of carpet . 
it adjust to 5 different heights i love it ! it can be a little difficult to put down by yourself , i have a queen and it would be easier with two people . but its not impossible . 
hello pat t. it might work if the inside measurements of your bed frame measure 36 37 inches wide and about 83 84 inches long . i have a twin xtra long . 
no there is not . 
there are slight marks on the bottom of the mattress , but if u flip it over every couple of months like you normally would , the grooves go away w o any lasting damage . i do n't recommend sitting on the foot of the bed . there is n't proper support and the mattress does sink . again , no damage to mattress , just uncomfortable . it 's altogether a great purchase for the price . it 's also pretty lightweight for a metal frame . i love mine ! 
yes , if you do n't plan on using a box spring . also if you use a spring mattress it may damage the springs over time due to repeated lifting . 
it can be adjusted for sitting but it is manual ( not automatic ) . just do not sit on a corner that is slightly raised , it may bend the frame . i think it holds over 250 lbs , maybe more . 
it depends on how thick your mattress is and what is mad of . the frame works well with memory foam or latex mattress up to 10 inches . anything higher than that may not be as flexible as the picture shown . as for spring mattress , unless it is pocket coil , regular bonnell spring mattress wo n't work with it . 
no 
yes the top of the bed can be raised to different elevations . one person can raise the bed to different angles but it takes two people to release the bed back down . i usually just leave it up at a comfortable angle for me . 
that is very coincidental , we have a 2yr and a 5yr old as well that we bought this set for and it works great and they love it ... 
no , this is made of pressed wood . good for smaller kids under 3. it is pretty small 
great question ... i absolutely love it ... if u find some let me know @ thomas g odrain 
product dimensions : 23.5 x 23.5 x 17.5 inches ; 17.5 pounds 
hand sanitizer works great 
maybe 10-15 lbs 
yes a magic eraser will get anything off the table its got a really great hard clear coating very durable . 
sorry , i missed this question until now . i could not tell you anyway ; it was given as a gift and i do n't have it in my home . take care 
i would say about 10 inches . 
no , the bottom is open 
its very small- similar to what convenience stores use for their hot dog condiments . i use it for the same thing- about a cup and a half to two cups of diced onions fits in one compartment . i put onions , tomatoes , shredded lettuce , and pickles or banana peppers in each when i do a party with sub sandwiches ( a six foot sandwich from walmart is about $ 32 and feeds a big party ) . its the cheapest way i 've found to feed a lot of people decent quality food and this little gadget is perfect for all the condiments ! 
no , i do n't . keter 's website says nothing about such items . there customer service number is 1 ( 888 ) 374-4262 i would think that you could use cushions from anywhere that were the right size and durable material . 
it is made of woven plastic that looks like wicker . 
i would say at least 200lbs ... 
yes , but the seat is very hard 
its 16 '' without pillow . hope it helps . ; ) 
20x21x2 
yes ! ! it is perfect for outdoors , the onlu thing that i do is take out the cushions if is raining . 
no , it does n't absorb any smells ! i 've done mint teas , fruit teas , black teas and green and it has been great every time ! ... 
you probably could , but i ca n't guarantee the fine mesh is so fine you wo n't get any sediment . from the tea bags i use in it there is always a bit of sediment at the bottom of the pitcher . 
while i have not used boiling water , i 've poured extremely hot water straight from my percolator into the pitcher . it should hold up just fine . 
bpa safe plastic the handle is not silicone . there is no reason to be concerned about burns the handle does not heat up when the hot water is poured in . 
4 aa 
i do n't have a small funnel so i used a small spoon . not the easiest to fill . funnel not a bad idea . 
hello gaby , yes as far as i can tell . i did n't see that they were labeled differently so either yes or i got lucky picking the correct one . : ) 
yes . the adjustment is on the bottom . 
this is an easy to use , one handed salt pepper mill . perfect for cooking or topping off your food . this mill also features a blue led light which helps you see how much product is pouring out , which is very convenient . 
maybe they are from different suppliers . 
no , i would strictly use it to rest my feet or sit on . does not open up for storage and i do n't think it would support much weight if you stood on it . 
hi , it is quite firm when you sit on it ( i 'm an average sized woman ) but it 's low to the ground , so it 's fine for sitting , but not sure if it would be high enough to sit at a dressing table . hope that helps ! 
this cart is only available in this one size . thank you ! 
that is the problem , handle is not adjustable . i am 5'0 tall and handle reaches my hip . hope this helps . 
on the center of the wheel is a hook that you pull and then slide the wheels off . 
the rollers are not really good for going down . it can be done but i prefer to grab the handle and carry it down . it 's always easier going down than it is going up . 
what the bottom of the bag rest on , the kick-stand frame folds up to approx . 4 inches . 
measured cart standing up - not collapsed . here is what i got , with height matching dimensions on web pretty much . height - 36 in . width from outside of wheels - 16 3 4 in. , depth with bag billowing from stuff in it - 15 1 2 inch . 
i ca n't say for sure but i think so . it 's smaller than expected but good quality and very pretty if the light hits it right 
you can modify however the brackets are welded and fixed to the picture . you should be able to install a wire between the brackets and hang it just like a picture 
varying shades of turquoise , white , dark grey on a silver background . with gallery lighting , all colors are deeper , plus the lighting brings out perriwinkle and a very light green . all colors you see similar to a carribean ocean wave . the gallery lighting is very important in bringing this artwork 's full color spectrum to life . 
currently , pieces ship about 2 1 2 weeks after they are ordered . 
you may want to contact the seller on this . it looks like you should be able to but i think that you had better check to be sure . sorry i do n't have a definitive answer for you . 
they are 24 inches high by 15 inches wide 
what is the size of the box you want to put vertical ? the rack can fit a box that is 3 '' on the sides . the regular wrap boxes are about 2 '' . 
both compartments are 3 '' wide , and 9 9 16 '' long . 
no . it 's not wide enough . i have to keep my foil from costco 's on top of my fridge . 
you will have to check the size , it is rather large so measure ... ..i put mine on the door but does take space . i do love it 
i have mine inside of one of my cabinets . here 's a trick : find a roll of the widest wrap you have , e.g. , extra-wide aluminum foil . hold it vertically inside yor cabinet door . hold the rack over it to approximate the best location to hold that roll . that 's where you 'll place it . if it can hold that roll , it can hold anything ! plus , if you do n't have a drill for the screw holes , never fear -- -- use a hammer and a wider-bore nail to make holes big enough for the screws . enjoy your rack ! 
yes they are . 
its grey . 
i love this bedding set , i bought a california king comforter and put it on queen size bed and it looks beautiful . 
polyester 
i have no idea 
seems to be a cotton mix with polyester . hope this helps . 
white 
clear with white tint to it . 
the measurements for the tray are 16 '' l x almost 12 '' w for the rack are 14 1 2 '' l x almost 12 '' w x 4 '' h . 
=================================13 
no , not that i saw . 
absolutely not . also ; our water tends to stain things . tub , shower , dish drainers . the sakura has n't stained one bit . i am completely satisfied with this product . 
i or someone else answered this question some time ago . see product page for your answer . 
if it is a single sink it would , but i doubt if it would fit in a separated sink . also i was disappointed for the short time that i have had it that at the welds it rust very easily even thou i dry it off often . for the price i did n't think it would rust as fast as the cheaper one that walmart sales . 
it is roughly 38 3 4 '' x 19 '' x 50 3 16 '' lxwxh . i hope this helps 
yes but you ca n't put anything heavy . all the shelves are fabric . 
not sure about precise weight limit . the bar itself is probably 25 '' long . limited more by how much you can fit rather than weight . little more than a weeks worth of clothes and a coat . the only problem i had with the bar is it does n't fasten to the bars it sits on . the right side moves around more than i would like . i would give a little more detail about actual weight but i do n't own it anymore . i opted to install a wood shelf and a hanging bar to the studs . 
the bar is 23 inches . and hangs 47 inches off of the floor . i found it to be useful but have put it on a base that raises it higher off the floor . loretta 
8 inches 
very easy . tipping chair over the hardest part . measure and make sure you have the correct size . 
it is not necessarily the base diameter , but the pattern and spacing of the bolts which must match 
yes . those are the only tanks i use in mine . 
you could , but you would have to clean the unit often . ( cold liquid helps impregnate ) 
thank you for your inquiry and unfortunately we do not ship that item internationally . our apologies on that issue . 
pretty sure they are made in israel 
filled . 
no it contains hazardous materials . 
yes , a recipe booklet comes with the bowl . recipes vary but for the most part use whole milk or cream . ice cream is rich but one does not have to eat a lot of it at one time . the bowl is the best i have ever used and my favorite is rum raisin . home made ice cream is less expensive . you can also make sorbets and frozen yogurt and those have less calories . blackberry sorbet with a little blackberry brandy is yummy . 
if you have the bem800xl then this is the freeze and mix for you . i have the same scrapper mixer pro . 
this is an attachment set for the bem800xl scraper mixer pro . this specific attachment comes with the freezer paddle and the freezing bowl . however , the bem800xl scraper mixer pro does come with a whisk and mixing paddle attachment . 
yes . for optimal results , the bowl needs to be placed in the freezer for a minimum of 15 hours prior to use . 
it has great power - and is the best mixer i have ever had . 
i 'm not sure ? you might have to ask the factory . 
it does n't come with a snapped on lid , however the lid sets securely in the unit . i love it ! 
http : www.ninjakitchen.com products 0 parts 2 ninja-searious-slow-cooker # _partsandaccessories 
i 'm not sure i gave this to a friend for christmas . 
could n't come out any easier . just lifts right out . then goes back just as easy . the inside is non-stick and cleans with a wipe of the cloth . love , love , love my ninja ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
that is the application we bought ours for but i think you might have to put a new cover over the seat cushion as we did . we bought outdoor material that matched our decor and for further measure we scotchguarded it . putting a new cover eas very easy , it was a simple staple job . i hope this helps . 
hello , the seat height for this stool is 29 '' . best regards , netrush 
seat is 16 inches - width seat is 16 1 2 inches - depth footrest is 12 inches width , 17 inches depth , 17 inches height from seat to footrest 
hello , we offer free shipping to the surrounding 48 states in the us so there is no shipping with us . thanks 
hello , i am sorry but we do n't have these available in a 24 '' seat height . we do apologize . thanks 
i can not say what the maximum load it with hold , but it has held a guest in my home who weighed 300 pounds . 
hello tammi , thank you for your inquiry . we do apologize , the seat height is only 30.25 '' h . it does not come any lower than that . we do apologize . if you need anything else , please let us know . thank you , maria 
comes with attachments . 
appears so - hardwoods are all i have in my house . as long as you do n't press down on the tube head while using it , i ca n't imagine it doing any damage . 
this was a gift for my son so i can not answer you . sorry 
yes , it comes with a rolling caddy 
i have a bunch of old lp 's in mine , they fit just fine . 
i would say it is more black than brown . it 's labelled as espresso ( brown-black ? ) though . 
15.5 x 31.5 x 60 inches 
most compartments are 2.5 inches by 2.5 inches . there are a few that are larger . you can not resize any of the compartments . 
it 's 20 '' x 21.5 '' . it 's really well made and pretty . the biggest piece i have in there is a 5 '' precious moments statue , but there are only a couple big spots . mostly for knick knacks . i would get it if you are looking for something like this . 
the outside dimensions are : width 21 '' , hight 21.25 '' , depth 3.5 '' . inside there are little compartments : 33 in size 2.5 '' x 2.75 '' and 8 bigger in size 2.5 '' x 5.5 '' . hope it will help . i absolutely love this cabinet , using it to display my egg holders . it looks fantastic ! 
2.5 inches 
exterior dimensions : 20 1 2 '' across ( wide ) x 21 1 4 '' high ( tall ) . height of tallest compartment is 5 1 4 `` ( 6 of them ) depth is 2 1 2 '' . there are 33 smaller ones 2 1 2 `` square . 
yes , you can . you will find more information on manufacturer site . 
no the labels are temporary . the labels are all gone on the jars ! ! 
i did not see an expiration date on the spices , however , they were sealed and fresh . 
i 've had mine for a while and they still look brand new no rub off if lettering 
very nice ! ! 
they have some coating on them that makes them gold . it came of in the dishwasher . so in my opinion , no . i would go with stainless or plastic . 
i think it would although i 've used it only for essential oils . the stem seems large enough for powder to pass through easily , if the powder is dry and not clumpy . 
yes the stem is just a bit over 1 8 '' in diameter and about 5 8 `` long 
yes , size , but a syringe would work a whole lot better . they would probably make a mess . these are more for liquids . 
hi-we have an antique bed that has a slits in the head and footboards . the parts do fit our bed . if i understand a claw-you mean a metal hook type gadget . that would fit also . when we bought our frame the company phoned us to make sure the size of our bed and asked questions so we knew it would fit the bed . never had any company do that . they are super to deal with . we truly like the frame-sturdier than our old one . hope this helps you 
irene , this is a common question . no one hook side rails will not work correctly or safely with beds designed with two pin hook in slots . as a matter of fact not all two hook side rails will work either . this is because the ispa international sleep products association standards put in place are voluntary and not every bed manufacturer follows those standards . they do this opting to build a bed and frame that is unique that they can call their own . this leaves them as the only source for replacements . 
the rail measures 83 inches . 
that should n't be a problem as long as it fits snugly between the rails the same as a box spring would . if you have any additional questions , please feel free to call us at 1-800-823-4233 . 
600 sq . ft . 
yes it can be turned off ... 
when you turned off ionizer , the uv light is turned off at the same time . 
from top to bottom : 5 1 4 '' + 3 4 '' backsplash , 7 3 4 '' + 3 4 '' backsplash , 10 1 2 '' + 3 4 '' backsplash , 13 3 4 '' without backsplash ( this is the top of the drawer ) . i love this shelf ! 
the draws are not deep enough for a 8x10 file folder . they are only about 5 inches deep . 
12.5 inches 
25 1 2 '' 
i have n't used it for dvd 's but i did size it for you and depending on how you set it in the drawers you can set about 56 vertical+ horizontal and 51 horizontal+ veritcal per drawer . both ways you have a little space to put something else . i hope this helped . 
it has the illusion that it 's leaning , but all the weight is held by the legs . it does n't need a wall or anything . 
yes if you put that in the lower..that could be worked 
no , i dont believe it has a carbon fiber filter - i fill it from a brita . its a very good basic coffee maker - i have had no problems so far . in fact i recently bought a second identical unit for my office . the `` beeps '' to signal brewing is finished are rather loud but that does n't bother me at all . 
13 1 2 '' hi 11 '' d. 8 1 2 '' w . 
9 '' x 15 '' x 2 1 2 '' . there are 5 slots , each holding 10 capsules . it is a perfect draw to hold your capsules . 
dear wayne , they are not build to use it this way . i looked at mine again to see how it could work . if you put something thin and not slippery on the lower one it should hold the upper one . they have 4 little `` stoppers '' ( do n't know how it 's called ) underneath which makes them stand safely . as the upper part is slightly rounded the `` stoppers '' of the upper one would stay a bit over to the left and right side . that 's why it would need an other kind of stopping material in between . ( i hope my answer is not too confusing ) 
no . all very sturdy plastic with a grippy , no slip top for the keurig . 
i am not soo sure but i think it can because i have a nespresso pixie which is smaller in size and weighs a little less when compared to new keurig 2.0 
i do n't know , i 've never used or seen what you asked about . each drawer holds 12 k-cups , for a total of 36. that 's all i can tell you . sorry . 
i am not familiar with tassimo t-pods . sorry 
yes , it 's 6 pods wide 
it comes empty - you buy them separately and fill it yourself . 
yes , like a glove . 
you have to order two ! i misunderstood and thought they came in a pair , so i only ordered one . oops ! 
like 400 , but ive picked up 500 roasting pans and they r fine , they r good thick silicon 
sold as one ( 1 ) single holder . 
i do n't know . i do know it is too wide to fit the skillet i bought . not snug enough ! sloppy to use . 
7 1 2 x 11 1 2 by 2 1 2 tall . they are standard cedar trays . nice quality and work great . i now have 12 of them and no problems . hope that helps you . 
it is 1 4 '' thick . 
12.5. x . 7.5. x . 2 1 8. fit perfect in avanti 16 bottle wine cooler . each tray holds 40 smokes easy and i have had up to 180. they are nice trays . hope that helps 
what are the dimensions of the tray ? 
inner dimensions are 12 '' x7 '' x2 '' 
i use the freedomone+ from co2doctor ( http : co2doctor.com freedomoonespec.htm ) . it works as advertised and was easy to install . we would buy it again . 
mine had the correct dot markings . i simply exchanged the tank at my local welding shop . 
yes . it goes halfway also . 
as long as you dont move a lot . oh and only on your back . it basically only holds 3 positions . all the way back as pictured , half way back and upright . nothing fancy . decent for the price and they were delivered promptly 
put feet on and snap back on . less than 10 minutes to put together . 
15 inches floor to seat 
i think its in the north of 55lbs . 
yes 
the top is 9 inches in diameter and approximately 2.5 inches deep , the bottom basket is 11inches in diameter and 3 inches deep 
shiny chrome 
the bottom can hold a fair amount , maybe six pieces of large fruit , or double of medium sized stuff , the top is smaller , i use that for either smaller fruit or garlic . i like it ! 
it is about 15 inches from base to top ( i.e . top of the loop ) , and about 9 inches from base to the bottom of the second tier . 
it is about 15 inches from base to top ( i.e . top of the loop ) , and about 9 inches from base to the bottom of the second tier . 
the handle is plastic but feels almost as if it is reinforced by steel . the front is upper is plastic on the s curve , but is very sturdy . also the inside is plastic lining where the water gets filtered . overall great product ! 
yes . ca n't clean this one either . i quit buying brita after this one they know what they are doing making everything one piece so u ca n't clean it . pathetic sales tactic . pathetic 
no , it just flashes when you pour from the pitcher . 
hm , that i do n't know . i 'm not too up on this , but i think that would depend on your filter . 
yes 
i do not know the exact dimensions . it 's not too flat but just enough so i can sleep on my belly . if it feels a little too high i just smack it where i want to put my head down and it flattens out . best pillow i 've had . 
it is made in china . says it is distributed by a swedish company , which is strange , since i thought ikea is finnish . 
no it does not . it 's a great set though my daughter loves it . 
only 1 pillow case is included . it 's a nice thick comforter . my eight year old loves it ! 
yes it does . 
yes it will operate in 8 '' of water without a problem but you must keep the remote dry . just put it in your pocket . check it out ! ! http : store.irobot.com product index.jsp ? productid=13081876 & cp=2878870 & sr=1 & gclid=ciyhrpq80lscfbqwmgod8yyaew 
the looj works well on long pine needles . i have several huge pine trees near my house . it took a while for the first cleaning . the looj will back up and try again if the gutter is really clogged . like other irobot products , it works well if you use it as a maintenance tool . i now use it several times a year before the gutter becomes totally clogged . with a light gutter buildup , the looj zips through leaves and pine needles . 
yes , the ilooj works by flinging debris up and out of the gutters . 
yes , 20 feet away even . it is good when you can see it , as substantial debris tends to cause it to flip , at which point it reverses . but because you can remote forward or reverse , you can just drive it backwards to go forward , or forward to go backward when it gets upside down . 
i think you could manage to stack two of them together . however , they are not made to be stacked . hope this helps ! 
22 inches 
this table is absolutely worth the cost . it is sturdy and attractive and easy to assemble . i highly recommend it . 
the stand itself is metal and the top is wooden with a glossy finish . my sectional is a bit tall and over sized so the table fits snugly but i love it 
it says in the description that the table top and bottom shelf are made of `` faux wood . '' this faux wood is covered in a very high gloss finish . it does n't look cheap ; it 's very modern looking . the legs and sides are a dark brown metal . 
nope . 
i think so , laptops are not heavy and the table is , solid 
yes 
it is a bigz die , so it is thick . i do not have the grand calibur , so i can not answer your question with certainty . if you are able to use other bigz dies , then this one should work . i use it with my big shot . 
on the box the stars approximate assembled sizes are listed as 5 1 4in x 5 in for the large & 2 5 8in x 2 1 2in for the small . i made mine out of regular scrapbook paper and the large star measures 5 1 4 inches in diameter and the small one measures 2 1 2 inches in diameter-two of the same size can be glued together for a totally neat 3d star ( there are tabs on the back ) 
small is 2-1 2 '' the big one is 5 '' 
i am not sure . i have a big shot and used it in that . but the cuttlebug appears to be very similar , so i dont see why not . but again , not totally sure . 
it might but it would dull or damage the due badly 
we have the 8 , 10 and 12 inch pans . approximate bottom widths which contact the burner are 5.5 , 7.5 and 9.5 inches respectively . 
almost all tramontina pans are now made in brazil , 
yes , they all have flat tops so they can be used as cups . btw , some reviewers found it hard to read the measurement because it 's stamped on the inside and in the same color as the cup . if you turn the inside bottom toward the light source , the cup size can be seen clearly . i purchased the cups to give as a gift and treated myself to a set too , and i am glad that i did . they are not only useful , but look great on the counter . 
i use them for both . 
plastic . i bought two sets - one as a christmas gift and one for myself , so i handle the cups often and i 'm happy with them . 
yes 
dry 
i 'm sorry , i do n't know what eipca is . 
i do not know what model number i have but those are the frothers that work with my secura . 
i have n't used the nespresso so can not tell you . 
yes harriet the shelves are movable & removable . i really like my bookshelves . 
no - you have to assemble it , but it was pretty easy to do so . 
yes . it 's easy to follow . 
we are using this unit as a pantry , cans of food , flour `` heavy stuff '' so i fastened it to existing cabinets . i would always secure a tall item like that as to not risk an injury or mishap , they are very rugged and work well for us . hope that helps . 
not exactly sure where you see that , they have the measurements in metric and then american . 800 ml 27oz 
i heat my milk in the microwave or stove top in a separate pan or cup then put it in this frother . i do n't think i would use it on a stove top . 
the container is dishwasher safe , but the the mesh top part is not . mine rusted just washing it by hand . 
the size is truly 27 oz , but you will not be able to fill the beaker to the top , as you need the space for the foam . i fill mine halfway with milk and once i 'm done , it doubles in volume . 
it plugs in and does n't have a very long cord , maybe 3 feet . it has a lot of power so make sure you are holding onto the glass or bowl and it is also somewhat top heavy and will tip over quite easily as my husband found out . hope this helps . 
the manufacturer 's ; 1 yr 
the actual metal shaft is 6 '' , and is just shy of 8 '' to the very top that attaches to the motor ! ! i love mine . use it almost daily ! ! 
the metal shaft , including the guard over the blade is 5 and 7 8 inches long . 
it ; s great for mayonnaise - use the container that comes with it 
yes 
hi , no it 's not dual voltage like almost all appliances . 
110 
sorry for the delay . the interior measurements are 38 1 2 '' x 18 '' x 12 '' high . both sides measure the same 
lots of moving metal parts , a concern for anyone 
i installed them both . the wood legs go on the corners and wheels go inside of each leg hidden from sight . 
9 oz . according to my kitchen scale 
the whole pillow . i wash all my pillows unless they have wool or canvas zippered covers . and yes , i have washed it no problem . 
personally , i would suggest using a thick ribbon ( color coordinated to your car 's interior ) threaded through the two loops thereby allowing you to tie and un-tie the neckbone from one seat to another as needed . here 's the clincher : tie it in a bow if you 're a gal , tie it as a necktie if you 're a guy ! 
i do n't . i use it while sitting in a high backed chair ( a recliner ) behind my neck and the bottom of my skull . 
roughly about 10 inches 
susan , the frame held the record and the sleeve . 
it is fairly easy to change out jackets . fyi it is not a good idea to hang the jackets with the vinyl inside . go to your local record store or go online and buy some blank record covers . they are inexpensive . keep your vinyl in the blank jackets and your album covers in the frames . 
the whole album.i will try to post a picture . 
order the 6 pack at this link http : www.amazon.com dp b00faumwlu cheaper per frame and the shipping . email to adjust or mix frame styles . also shipping is combined if 6 individual frames are ordered on the same order ... thanks for asking . 
frame weighs 2.4 lb . a beautiful frame . 
album cover 
22 inches 
the script color is black 
i 'm not sure i would use it as a coffee table unless i put glass on top of it . we just use it as extra seating . 
81 2 inches . 
the legs are a dark brown color , almost black . 
i have n't measured it but my husband put all of his archery hunting gear in it . it holds a lot more than i thought it would . 
42 '' long , 22 '' wide , 18 '' high 
you can add in blue flames . 
yes it does come with rocks . you can also purchase other colors of rocks to put in the unit . carlos 
3lbs 
yes that 's what i do . make sure the surface is really flat though . i use the glass shower door . the wall seems to be textured enough that it will hold for awhile but then eventually it will pull down . 
that 's exactly where i use mine . they are awesome ! 
plastic 
sorry , i do n't know since i have not used this outdoors or in the shower cubicle . i have only used these hooks in the mud-room to hang heavy winter coats . 
no ! ! ! it 's very easy ! ! ! great product 
yes . pretty much all heat producing devices do as the production chemical residues burn off . but this toaster is junk ! mine failed after a few dozen uses and is not returnable . $ 70 for a toaster that failed , and i still own a 15 year old toaster that cost $ 15.00 ! 
yes , it seems one side browns and the other does not . however , i eat only gluten free and it does n't brown like wheat breads do . i am still happy with the toaster , it 's long so i can put larger pieces in it , bagels and crumpets fit nicely , and it defrost very well . 
900 watts . 
no only on one side . 
it 's 900 watts and a terrible toaster . 
hello , the tools required will be a hammer and a phillips head screwdriver . 
8 '' wide and 47 1 2 inches long 
hmmm probably not , doesnt feel that sturdy . i can keep a couple text books on it but even then i feel wary doing it since it doesnt feel sturdy enough 
18 '' deep , 10 3 4 '' wide , 21 5 8 '' high 
hello mark , i am not sure but in using this product it did not have the heft other filters have . it was a bit flimsy and you may want to use two together for better results . at one time i had bought a case of good pre-filters on ebay but have yet to find that brand again , tho i have not made a a thourough search as yet . hope this helps.. : ) 
i do n't know . i 've never seen this kind of filter for a microwave 
the filter is about 1 4 '' thick . 
have not received as yet , but be warned , i received a notice of acknowledgement and it was completely wrong . i called immediately to correct and was not able to since i was informed it had already shipped . when i received a copy of the billing statement it had shipped the following day with no correction . called credit card company to refuse the order and they had already been billed ... with a double billing . i will pursue further and in the meantime will tell the local tv consumer 's advocate about the shabby operation of this company . i ordered only 1 with the offer with second one free at $ 19.99 plus s h and taxes ... billed for 2 plus 4 more and s h was outrageous ! beware 
i throw it in my he washer with bleach . that works the best . an he washer has no agitator . i would think a washer with an agitator would still work , but it might set it off balance . 
there 's spray cleaners with bleach . a few spritzes , rinse and you 're set . ( the wash machine does n't cut it ! ) 
it is 17 x 29 x 1 2 . 
it says 29.5 '' x 17.25 '' on the lower right area of the 1st picture 
30x17 
do n't know i just fill my tub part way with a cup of bleach and hot water and i have n't had any problems with it and now hair stuck in it . 
using ammonia is a good way to washing the rug . 
7year warranty on the motor & a 1year warranty on everything else , if you register the product you get a 2 year warranty . this blender works great , it even will blend an avocado seed , just cut it in half first . and make sure you do n't turn it on while its empty , just use common sense . read the pamphlet first , it 's a powerful blender . good luck . highly recommend it . 
makes great peanut butter . my kids prefer it over skippy ... ... which they loved . 
yes if you use frozen ingredients . it is more like soft serve . they have great videos on youtube on all the features . 
mine did . its really a great unit ! you wont be disappointed . just be aware it stands a bit taller than a vitamix blender when fully assembled . 
anything you put in while it is blending cooking will be blended to liquid ... you have to add cut veggies after it is hot ... there is a recipe booklet that tells you how to make different soups 
i have found two methods that work for me : 1. finger pinch - usually works for the first filter , but not so well for the second and 2 . ( my favorite ) thick end of a chopstick or a thick bar stir stick . i always have a few chopsticks sets laying around and i found that thicker end will not poke a hole in your filters . just push it through one of the top holes and it will push both filters far enough out so that you can grab them with your hands . for the hot second of annoyance that you might feel about needing extra equipment , it is so worth it ! the double filter is a life and nose saver . trust me ! on a side note : i recommend that you pick up a extra set of round filters for every square circle replacement pack you buy . the bottom ( round filter ) will need to be replaced more often then the top ( square ) filter . if the bottom filter gets wet accidentally ( usually happens when i over fill the bin ) , it will mold and fast . top filter stays pretty dry , so you will not have to change it as often . hope this helps and happy composting ! 
i believe i ordered the epica filters , but what i received was the norpro set of two , said to last six months . they appear similar , so i believe they will fit and work the same . the package was labeled # 93f . 
the filter eliminates the oder . i never smell the decomposing food scraps when using this container . 
not at all . but i use mine primarily for coffee grounds . 
i 'm not an expert but in my opinion this is more of a brushed stainless . 
yes , i did have some problems with fruit flies . so i used the old remedy of placing a small container next to the steel composter . fill it with water , a little brown vinegar and a drop or two of dish detergent . the flies are attracted to the vinegar and can not escape the detergent which breaks the water surface . they then drown . 
they most definitely will not compost in this . unless you create the worlds smallest compost bin with this : ) this is meant for keeping them in your kitchen house until you can transfer them to something bigger . 
no . if you want to boil something , i 'd suggest using the coffee pot to hold the sauce and spaghetti os 
i do n't know . i have n't left it on to see if it shuts off automatically . 
i believe its just a 110 
do not buy , does not heat up hot enough for particular items . 
it comes right off for cleaning , and it is really easy to clean . i love it and i use the coffee pot every day ! = ) 
sorry , but no . these will increase the humidity through the evaporation of the water used in cooling . useful only in dry conditions . 
works just as advertised 
perhaps you can go with this model . http : www.mistingfans.com store port-a-cool-cyclone-2000-unit.html 
yes ! when 1st using give it a few minutes to get started . watch water fill line . use distilled water . when not in use try to move or cover from the elements . i live in az . works well here . 
nothing , the kuulaire is a swamp cooler , it 's just portable . 
china 
hello marty , i found a quick set-up guide at sunbeam.com . here is the link : http : www.sunbeam.com service- % 26-support product-support instruction-manuals bedding blankets bedding-blankets-manual.html . once there click on : brf9h-master - sunbeam quilted fleece heated blanket manual . this will open a pdf that you can print . hope this helps . 
the label says it is 135 watts . 
yes , it does . it can be annoying on days when you want to sleep-in ( and be in bed longer than the 10 hours ) as the bed does start to get cold on you after it shuts off . most days , though , this is very nice as i often forgot to shut it off and it always scared me with 3 cats and 1 dog indoors . 
coffee brown . 
yes 
the top fill line for ingredients is 200 ml or 7 oz . the whole container filled to the top holds 1 1 2 liquid cups . i would not add ingredients above that 7 oz mark or it may splash out of the top when you whisk it 
plastic and according to the review on here it is not dishwasher safe 
according to the schematics for that machine there are two filters . the hepa filter is 4.99. i can sell the both of them for 6.99. please feel free to call me at 5713225005 . 
90 watt motor is all the ratings they give 
not completely , a canister with a hose is the answer , jim 
it has a brush with two settings ; one for floors and one for carpet . i 've recently figured out that the machine works much better if i clean the filter after every use and the pleated filter at least one per week . 
china 
i gave this as a gift and they were very pleased . said it cools off the patio by about 20 degrees . easy to use , they barely use any water pressure and it just blows a great mist . 
currently , we only have the replacements parts for nozzle plug , front grille , and motor head w power cord . but you can contact manufacturer directly to see if they have the replacement blades : 1-800-330-0388 monday to friday , from 8:00am to 4:30pm ( pst ) . 
absolutely . it 's both a dry and wet fan . 
there is no definite answer , but the unit is designed for regular consumer use . the standard water pressure for most residential are 35 to 80 psi . so anywhere in between would work . the misting nozzle used for this fan is a patented brass nozzle so it will produce fine mist regardless . we do n't know how much water this unit uses . 
i dont know what the warranty was , but our fan is awesome . love it . did have to clean out water deposit from one sprayer but it works great . 
i think it 's about 80 oz 
works great on hardwood floor , just change the height setting to hardwood . 
yes , so far it has been easy to use and reliable , i use it all the time but i have only had it a few months . i love the rewind cord feature . 
yes and two years . it 's at the bottom of the big info sheet in the listing . 
absolutely . it picks up litter right away . you do n't have to keep going over the same area . 
no they do n't but i still love mine 
one end is permanently attached to the vacuum , the other end sits in a holder that is easily released so attachments can be placed on the hose . 
like all vacuums , the air that exits the vacuum is typically hot because it passes through the motor assembly which itself is generally hot . however , the air that passes through the vacuum is filtered in several stages so no , it does not blow dirty air out . 
closed . 
i have used both but to be fair this one is larger than the hepa versions i 've used in the past . that said we have allergies and mild asthma and two dogs and a cat to which we have allergies . the symptoms are not evident when the purifier is on and no asthma attacks evident . the maintenance is easier and less expensive . i am very happy . 
yes . they gave me one prefilter but i hav n't even used it yet . the main filter works really well and i just spray it out with the garden hose and let it dry . 
yes , it works vey well , but i would recommend the optional charcoal filter that you can purchase on your own . i think they are around $ 16 . for a pack of 2 . 
this is a more comprehensive response : http : housewares.about.com od aircleanerspurifiers f ionizerfaq.htm 
no . it does not have a turn on feature . 
you can move , , , to wherever you want , , , ,preferably in a room with with a closed door , , , to maximize the purifier effectiveness ... .. 
hi . it 's moderately noisy . i would n't vacuum after i put my daughter to bed . you can talk over it reasonably well by raising your voice just a bit . i hope this helps ! 
per bissell , the 3918 has a 30 ' cord and longer warranty , the 9595 has a 25 ' cord , shorter warranty . 
works great . it has a carpet setting and a hard floor setting . the suction is strong enough to clean up those bare floors with ease . hope this helps ! 
spin brush and a stationery brush . spin brush is great cleaning furniture and animal hairs off cushions . 
i am sorry i do n't know the exact weight but it is very light . i can tell you that this baby really picks up the dust and dirt it is amazing to see . i hope this helps . 
unfortunately not without a separate timer on the plug . it is a very simple design , no frills . it weighs two or three times what a normal machine does , i believe because of the heating unit . but it is a simple on off toggle switch . 
i rinse in warm water . the glass lining should be impervious to the coffee oils lingering as might be with stainless . it would not hurt to use a soft sponge on a stick to clean occasionally if you wish . 
30 '' . if you need to use xcord , make sure it is the same gauge . superb coffe maker . start with dunkin donut regular 
no 
no i believe it 's italian . web will tell you 
not sure . have you considered alternatives ? the quality of coffee really decreases after holding for 30min . i suggest brewing no more than you can drink in 30min . if you need to hold warm for 30min , i would brew into any glass pot and immediately transfer to an airpot . airpots can be cheap . 
i 'm not sure it 's been awhile since i bought it . it takes cone shaped filters . but the best coffee maker i ever bought , makes great coffee simply and that 's it . i bought one for my parent and they love it . 
actually it is both . it is fitted with elastic running all the way around to give a good fit to any height mattress . it also has a zipper that runs around one end from side to side for easy installation . you wont be disappointed . 
yes 
it does have a inner plastic rubberized lining . so i would say it is enough for a training toddler . 
12 '' i have plush pillow top from simmons beauty rest and it fit perfect ! 
this is made of a smooth , silky polyester . nice , because it stays smooth and does not shrink . 
in my experience , yes . i use these at home and in a rental property . 
http : answers.walmart.com answers 1336 product 12338217 questions.htm ? sort=recenta this is what i got when i searched it . unfortunately i dont have the instructions anymore . maybe try contacting the seller ? hope the link helped 
yes it could be . i plan on my granddaughter using it into her teens . it says it will hold up to 250 lbs . 
go the following link which has instructions for eight different pieces of rack furniture . this particular bed is model # 4000. the instructions were most definitely not in our box either and from all the online message boards , this appears to be the norm now instead of the exception . thank goodness for this online archive website ! http : web.archive.org web * http : www.rackfurniturellc.com app download * 
82 1 2 inches wide with desk fully pulled out . the desk itself is 36 1 2 inches wide ( including the little pull out handle ) . note that the desk does not just pull out , but is completely independent on 4 caster wheels ( 2 of which lock ) . also note that unless the bed is placed in the room such that the desk pulls out into the center of the room this feature is a waste . if the end of the bed with the desk is against the wall , you might as well just have a normal bed with a normal desk there . note the desk has no storeage , so must be cleared after each use ( ie homework session ) to be slid back under bed . my daughter really likes her new loft bed . 
i bought2 beds for my twins . one had enough room , the other did not . they are bigger than i expected , hold quite a bit . 
yes . i bought 2 for my twin preteens . pretty roomy drawers & full length width twin bed . 
no it can not 
no , everything is predrilled the way you see it 
wish i knew . mine quit working after two years . and during a time that i had nearly given up coffee . it was barely used . tried to contact the seller but no response . i dont think i would buy one if i were you . 
you can obtain an adobe pdf file version from brew express website under support section of their website http : brewexpressdirect.com product-info bec-110-op.pdf 
i see no reason why you can not , the unit comes with a round coffee filter basket for brewing full pots of coffee and also a conical basket for brewing individual cups of coffee , tea , etc . to be sure you might also ask that question to brewexpress the manufacturer , according to their website they can be reached at 866.268.5953 . 
i think any water filter that has the right outside diameter hose dimension should work , but you may want to call brew express , they have an 800 number but they are only there during the week ... good luck 
i believe the confusion is noting the difference between `` built-in '' and `` counter-top '' models . brew express makes both , but the adapter plate is used strickly for the retro-fit of the `` built-in '' model of the be-110 to fit in place of the existing be-112 model . this counter-top model bec-110 is not a `` built-in '' model . i would suggest visiting brew express 's service website at www.brewexpressdirect.com and you will find your answer for retro fit . 
no that would n't work . you need water pressure from a live line to make it work . 
2-3 hours after brewing i find it hot enough to enjoy . i 've never let it go longer than that . 
we have had this unit operating since mid january , 2015. we love it . still works as in day 1 . 
don , no joke . spendy but the best of the best . great toast and also beautiful . probably not for everyone but for anyone who loves kithchenaid and enjoys retro design with space age quality , will love it ! 
china 
120 - normal household current is us 
hi and thank you for taking time to contact me the dimensions are as follows 7 '' x 13 '' x 8 3 4 '' high ; 10 lb . 13 oz . new in box if you have any other questions feel free to contact me i am here to help regards , frank customer care specialist wholesaloutletllc 
almost certainly not . my toaster is 120v , and unless i got a very , very good power transformer and adapter ( not just adapter , not just a cheap transformer ) then i would risk burning out the toaster . if you can get a 240v version , that would work . best of luck ! 
it does but the grinds become very inconsistent past a medium grind . there is just too much free movement in the grinding mechanism past medium . anything smaller is fantastic , use it for my espresso daily . 
the grinder fits any regular mouth mason jar . i think the size is the common 60mm . 
yes , a standard ( narrow mouth ) mason jar works , though it may take a few tries to get it lined up right . 
flax grinds well with a blade type grinder . a burr grinder is not really designed to grind oil seeds like flax . 
i 'd say conical . the pieces look very similar to the image under the heading `` vintage hand conical burr grinders '' at http : vintagecoffeegrinders.com 
i contacted the vendor and posed the question , ( can i get parts for my grinder ? ) and the following is the answer i received `` sure if you need parts just email me and i will send them for free . '' to me this is a company that stands behind their product . thanks , he did include his name but i purposely left it out . 
glass jar has made in taiwan on bottom . 
sure . it 's very hot water . 
no to both . it does not work on carpets & even propped against the wall , that thing falls over every single time . 
i clean homes for a living and i can say from experience that this will do the trick with the scrubber feature engaged . i sometimes use a little floor cleaner in a spray bottle to give it a little extra edge with the scrubber pad on really heavy spray ... 
i measured mine and it looks to be 12 '' x 5 3 4 '' . do n't know how they list the sizes when ordering . 
yes . i gave it as a christmas present to my daughter and she uses it on all her floors including her wood floors . 
yes you can but it will be difficult to do . on glass i use a homeade cleaner that works great 2 cups water 1 2 tsp dawn 1 4 cup white vinegar '' good luck ! 
yes 
i 'm sure it would , but would be a bit too big . i have this on a board that measures 47-1 2 '' long by 19-1 2 '' wide . it fit 's my perfectly but it 's not stretched tight . 
it probably would just fit , but the length would be close on the over lap 
not sure about that specific one . i am using the cover on a wider ironing board that is maybe 16-18 '' wide and it fits well 
no it does not 
no , but i believe that the design is best served as a filler . however , a nice product ! 
i have washed mine in the machine , but i had to go to laundry mat it rewired a huge washer it is shook so big . 
no , the keurig punches the hole in the paper - it works great ! 
i had to alter the one that i got to make it work in my mini . i needed to make the hole in the lid larger . 
it should work with any machine that takes a standard k-cup . 
do not know . however this cup is no different than cups you can buy in stores now so why order . ii believe walmart has them . 
if the machine takes regular kcups it should work . i use mine in the platinum brewing system , just make sure the grind is not too fine . 
it is white , heavy duty cotton with pretty grey pattern 
it does n't have ties . 
the one that i purchased came with the splash guard , dough hook , beater , and one other attachment that i do not know the name as it was a gift for my girlfriend . hope that helps 
1 year warranty from the manufacturer , thanks 
hi . yes it has a tilting motion . it is not a lift system . thank you 
hello , kitchenaid has discontinued this model but we do have the kitchenaid makes a 4 1 2 which is model # ksm95er . 
hi . it comes with whisk , dough hook and paddle . thank you 
in the product description it states that it is 300 watts . 
i did n't receive a manual with mine either . found a demo at this website though : https : www.youtube.com watch ? v=vrzvzcfbrhg 
no 
i think so , i 'm pretty sure that 's why i bought the second one . 
there 's a metal grater on top and two different sized square chopping blades . just make sure your cheese is cold . 
yes 
although i wish it had a larger cutting surface , it does a nice job and it holds about 5 cups . 
the auto is meant to plug into the cigarette lighter socket of a vehicle , but jf you purchase the `` deled power supply adapter 15 amp 180 watt 110v-220v ac to 12v dc switching power supply converter '' ( $ 13.85 on amazon ) and add a plug & cigarette lighter socket , you can plug it into a 110 socket or a euro 220 socket , plug the auto into it 's cigarette lighter socket and have an espresso . i 've used it for over a month and it works great , really ! 
you put in cool clean water , it heats it up nice and hot : ) it heats up the water , it first turns on a compressor that pumps up the pressure , then it heats it up till it beeps 3 times and turns off , then you just push the button and out it comes hot and with nice creama . i like it because its fast , easy , and it tastes great 
brand product design and quality control is the original company from france , the product is a manufacturing process in china 
yes , it contains all the same accessories as if it were totally new ... in fact , it comes in a box with the accessories packaged in sealed plastic bags ~ all totally new ! this is not a used machine , but rather one that the manufacturer has refurbished for one reason or another . i love my juicer and have found that a balance of fresh juiced veggies ( not fruits due to sugar content ) and cooked veggies ( brings out the minerals ) has helped my health a lot ! 
i do n't know ; there 's no recycling code on the bottom of the collecting containers . their email address is omega @ omegajuicers.com 
in case someone wants to be extra sure ( i 've had issues with so-called induction cookware before ) , i have a samsung induction range & these do work on it . 
we bought the cooks standard set about two months ago and have no regrets ; my wife and i are no chefs but if you 're like us i doubt you would be unhappy with either set . we enjoy the steamer that came with this one but do n't use it as often as we thought we would . our set heats very evenly and cleans easy . 
it has a very small hole that vents 
yes , the lid for the 3 quart pot fits the 8 inch frying pan , and the lid for the stockpot fits the 10-inch frying pan . 
product description what 's in the box : 1-1 2-quart covered saucepan ; 3-quart covered saucepan ; 8-inch open skillet ; 10-inch open skillet ; 8-quart covered stockpot ; universal steamer insert include a cover . 1-1 2-quart covered saucepan measures 14 by 7 by 4 inches . 3-quart covered saucepan measures 14-1 2 by 8 by 5 inches . 8-inch open skillet measures 16 by 8-1 2 by 2-1 2 inches . 10-inch open skillet measures 18 by 11 by 3 inches . 8-quart covered stockpot measures 14-1 2 by 10 by 8 inches . universal steamer insert measures 12-1 2 by 8-1 2 by 6 inches . 
it is a little over 3 inches in the center 
i do n't know , i thought that i saw somewhere that it was . 
plastic for sure but good quality 
no it 's plastic . i love mine and use it all the time . 
i 'm sorry - i do n't know . it is n't marked anywhere and i discarded the original packaging a long time ago . 
food area is about 3 '' tall with an additional 1+ '' for the handle . it is made od a good quality plastic , super easy to clean . this cover is worlds above any others i have had . 
i would n't try it so i 'm sticking with the recommendation of hand washing it & then i place it on the top rack to dry . 
i purchased 2 book shelves and both units are filled with books . 
measures 30.75 inches wide by 11.5 inches deep by 58.25 inches high 
the shelves come off easily but there are nails holding the back to the shelves so that back sheet might be damaged . 
there is , as far as i can see , no provision from the manufacturer for hanging the rack on the wall . 
no 
no- too small . 
although i only have one , it does look like they would stack on each other . personally , i would stand them on end side by side . 
yes . 
yes 
one weighs 1 lb.15 oz . 
i have mine standing up on the smaller end- 14 1 2 '' high x 8 '' wide x 5 1 2 '' deep ( with bottle it 's 11 1 2 deep ) 
no . tablespoons and ounces . 
because long live the king ! ! 
the markings go up to 2 oz , but you could probably fit another half ounce or so in there . 
it 's stainless steel . i do n't think there 's much of anything that 'll hurt it . 
my marking are still fresh and clear after many trips through the dishwasher . 
i bought this chair for a friend and she has had several problems with it not working properly . i urged her to return it but she did not want to bother . i think most of the lift chairs have a lifetime warranty on the lift mechanism but the problems are always with the frame . i have not had any better luck with another brand that i paid $ 1300+ for . i 'm fortunate that i have sons who are carpenters and they have been able to keep mine going . sorry i ca n't be more help . if i were going to purchase it again , i would buy the warranty they sell with it . 
no , they come up automatically as the chair goes back , and visa versa . 
the chair is currently at my folks summer cottage so i ca n't give you a direct measure but i would say it is about 20 '' 
yes 
weight limit 250 but 325lb no problem and no noticeable performance issues.width between arm rest 20 '' + . would not recommend for wide heavy-weight ( 400lb x 24 '' butt ) , but have used chair over 2yr trouble free.kids play on it family members sleep on it and it still looks new 
no , the leg rest reclines automatically with the back . 
typo ( 300 lbs . is correct ) 
dont by this its damaged . its not even second hand . 
noo . u need transformer . do n't get this item it 's not new . it is used . trust me . get new 1. do not get it from here . ali 
hi dear . if you change the power extantion it will work ! 
you do n't have to buy the extra shampoo . i did n't . there is probably a local store that sells it in your area . 
i bought this kirby sentria 2 because of it 's high quality .i was waited about 2 weeks to get every parts . first part i received and i opened the box i was very shocked ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i order brand new kirby but they sent to me half used half new . also they did not send to me any book to have to install , because it has so many parts . i would say to people never order kirby online . it 's very frustrating and a big disappointment . had i known about this issue , i would n't have purchased this model . 
7 amps 
we use 5 gallon arrowhead bottles , so i do n't see why not . 
cold like an ice wonderful machine 
yes it does , however , i would not recommend this unit . it randomly stops dispensing water out of each tap , hot wo n't dispense one day , cold the next , both the day after that . i 've had to keep letting it dry out unplugged just to get it to work . currently fighting with the company . 
sometimes very noisy 
we use 5 's but assuming that the necks of bottles are the same it should be no problem . 
yes you can . 
yes . only on hot water outlet . a child will have to push the red button up , which unlocks it , and push it in for the hot water to come out . it does not push in like the other two temperatures , which are cold and normal temp . 
cj , the shower rod is all metal and is not plastic . it is a nicely made product and is a bright white . there is no plastic on this other than a little ring where the rod meets in the middle due to being shipped in two pieces . 
yes , it comes in 2 pieces 
yes the length is adjustable . 
no it is not a tension rod , it is a little adjustable , but it is fixed right around 60 inches . you may go a little longer or shorter by 3 inches , but it does not expand much beyond that 
yes these are round 
no they are not 
i 'm sorry i do n't understand the question . if you 're asking if they are individually wrapped ? no . otherwise , they are pretty good . i 'm using them for my bar . they are great to that end . they will work for hot drinks ( coffee ) as well , but they do get a bit pliable - in all reality most coffee stirrers do in hot coffee.. so long-and-short of it , there are not junk . they definitely wo n't melt in a cocktail , and my keurig machine has n't been able to melt one yet . . . they are as-described . 
way small , i have thicker spaghetti . i do n't know the exact measurement but it is very similar to what you 'd find at a gas station for coffee . hope this helps . 
worked.well 
minimum dimension is 25 1 2 inches . btw i love mine ! 
64 '' floor to top 18 '' floor to bench 41 1 2 '' wide bench 18 1 2 '' deep top 9 1 2 '' deep 32 '' top of bench to hooks ( a bit short for some jackets , but works ok ) nice piece overall . 
there is a 2 1 4 '' gap between the back bars 
the hooks are 50 inches from the floor , but there is a bench seat between the hooks and the floor . the hooks are 31.5 inches from the bench seat . it really is a sturdy piece of furniture . it can hold several full backpacks with no problem . 
no idea but bought them a year ago and my husband uses them at least once a week in whiskey . 
box with a bag inside containing the rocks , they work great 
i invested in a pitcher with the loose leaf tea filter and adding the infuser was a nice addition . it keeps the fruit in the pitcher for more flavor vs it going into the glass . hope this helps . 
i have a takeya pitcher . do n't know `` model '' but i think they may all be the same . mine is tall column w black screw-on lid . 
it screws into the top of the takeya pitcher . it does n't come with it 's own top . it comes in its own container , which will keep the dust off of the infuser . 
yes , it fits . i have the k45 elite . you just need to pop out the black kcup holder first . 
not to my knowledge . it 's too large . there are small red reusable k-cups keurig offers that fit . however , i have to take the top seal from a used k-cup , with the code , and place it on top in order for my k560 2.0 to recognize it . maybe they 'll come out with one that is actually designed for the machine . hopefully soon . 
yes it will fit because , we have k10 in or house in phx and k45 in la . i agree to the first answer that all k brewer cups is universal , it fits our different models that we have . 
i believe it fits any k cup keirig . 
i 'm pretty sure it will . it 's a standard fit for the larger brewers . 
mine did . 
amazon describes this product as compatible with the b30 , b40 , b50 , b60 & b70 series . i have a k45 , and when i asked keurig customer support the agent explained that a k45 is equivalent to the current designation b45 . so presumably your k79 corresponds to the current b79 , with which this filter set can be used . 
about 6 minutes or less . 
i use the plastic filter holder that came with it and have n't had that issue . 
no you can not . the gold filter is the wrong shape as well . it is a basket shape and not a cone . the saving grace of this strange combo is the coffee maker is excellent . 
the bottom of my unit says made in china . i have had it for several months and it works flawlessly . very well made machine . best of all ; excellent coffee . 
i put the big ones in the top rack of my dishwasher all the time and have not had a single problem . the color stays , they get clean , and they stay sharp . i have also put the yellow and green ones in the bottom rack where the silverware goes and still have n't had an issue . 
no they are metal with a high quality paint . they are very nice knives and still very happy with the purchase 6 months later . 
these knives require periodic sharpening . i do n't know your kitchen habits as compared to mine , so what works for me may not work for you . but here are my thoughts on chicago cutlery vivid knives ... they sharpen easily ( i use a smith diamond encrusted sharpener with coarse and fine grits . i do n't have to use it very often . ) and they 're easy to keep sharp with a sharpening steel . these are easy to care for ... use a steel and sharpener regularly and you wo n't have a problem keeping them sharp . after several months of use i do n't see any chipping of the color coating . and i prefer these knives to a couple of low end j a henckels that i have . 
there is a spring behind a flat metal plate that pushes the napkins forward . however , i was not pleased with the delivery or capacity of these dispensers . i purchased the tork dispensers instead . 
georgia-pacific easynap white 2-ply embossed dispenser napkins are folded , decorative , 2-ply paper napkins with an interlocking design that allows for automatic dispensing of napkins ( dispenser sold separately ) . napkins measure 6.5 x 9.85 inches ( w x l ) when unfolded , and 6.5 x 5 inches ( w x l ) when folded . ( w is width , the horizontal distance from left to right ; l is length , the horizontal distance from end to end . ) 
this uses a `` full fold '' napkin . in its folded state it will measure 5 '' x 6.5 '' . i purchased `` mornap full-fold '' napkins through a national office supply 's online store because they sell them in small amounts . most places only sell them by the 6000 count box . be careful , a lot of napkin sellers are misleading . 
they say uv light kills 99.99 % of bacteria ; period ! i scan everything i have to scan ; every few days ! ! ! 
no , it does not make germs visible . 
uv light breaks down the molecular structure that holds the organic tissues together . it is similar to exposing skin to sunlight without sun screen . burn the tissues kills the organism . 
not sure but it is not very bright . 
it is about 13 inches long and about 1.5 in . wide . it is okay for suitcase carry on . not for my purse . ate up batteries pretty quickly i thought . 
do n't know , tell me . 
yes , but only if the extension cord has at least # 14 awg ( and preferably , # 12 awg ) conductors . `` standard '' extension cords using # 16 and # 18 awg conductors are not up to the current drawn by this heater . 
yes , 2 prong polarized . 
1200 and 1500 watts . low and high power settings though i found that the low setting seemed identical to the high setting judging by the sound and the heat output . in fact i returned the first unit because of that and now find that the replacement unit is just the same ! i do like it so am keeping it . 
actually it is `` relatively '' quiet . the fan motor blows a decent amount of air so you do hear the fan . there is a small click when it cycles on , but not loud at all . i use this little heater for an entire 25ft rv and the rv propane system does n't even kick on when this thing is running . and remember , it is small , about the size of 1 2 of a shoe box , but it moves a good bit of air . 
given its range and specs , it will most likely , in my opinion , heat a small part of the garage space . if you are working on your vehicle and directing it to your workspace , it will do an okay job . 
7 inches including handle and feet . 
it has two dials - one adjusts the force of heated air and the other adjusts the heat . depending on where you set the dial , the heater will cut itself off at that point . the dial does not have 'degrees ' on it . it will automatically cut off if you tip it . it 's a great little heater . 
hi no it can not be . thank you carl 's rv 
yes 
to tell you the truth ... it never worked . 
yes ! included . 
`` use 3xaaa batteries . '' that 's what it says in the description anyway ... 
not very long at all . that 's actually one of my complaints . mine shuts off in less than 30 seconds ... 
chock full o'nuts 
hello , they are both 8 cup percolator 's . the only difference i see is the shapes are a little different . the pk8000ss is 11 inches x 5.5 inches x 8 inches while the fcp280 is 11 inches x 8.75 inches x 7 inches . i also only paid $ 47.11 for the pk8 - hope this helps . 
i do n't think so but am not sure . i do know this unit works perfectly and has for months now . it makes a fine cup of coffee and is fast . 
stainless steel 
it makes eight , 8 ounce cups . 
you can not emerge it into water , you can carefully rinse the insight out with water . it is an electronically appliance , water and electronics do not mix ! ! ! 
i put the cap , basket , and center stem through the dishwasher but let them air dry . i also scrub the basket with a combo of baking soda and water . as for the main carafe , i soak it overnight with either ivory and warm water or baking soda and warm water , then scrub down the next day . sometimes i run an 8-cup baking soda solution through a brew cycle , with the soda loosely scooped into the basket . i would n't use a drip maker commercial cleaner in it . you 'll never get it sparkling - perks just stain over time , but that does n't hurt the coffee as long as you get the oils out . honestly , as a veteran of perk coffee , the coffee tastes better once you 've broken the pot in and it no longer looks so pristine . soda may not completely clean it but certainly wo n't hurt it , and will remove residue . you may want to make a throw-away batch of coffee after a soda batch , though , to clear out the soda taste . the small things you can do to improve brewing : make sure there is no residue along the top edge of the basket , and wet the basket before putting coffee in it . both these help prevent grounds getting into the brewed coffee . i do n't remember if the description says , but never immerse the carafe , since the three-prong plug connects to the base . also , be aware of the shape the three male prongs in the base - the solder is not as good as the older pots , and eventually one prong may try to disappear into the base . it can be rescued with needlenose pliers , but this eventuality can be at least delayed by not wrenching the plug from the base or shoving it on too hard . i 've learned to just leave the cord connected to the base . you can buy another cord , but if the base prongs go bad in the unit , your perk is going to go wonky and eventually need replacing . 
have n't a clue . i do n't see where it matters . it makes great tasting coffee , fast . like they advertise , a minute a cup . 
no 
there are out there but they wo n't work . i can suggest to you if you have a car jumpstarter that has a 12 volt socket which is rated 200watts and more , then you can use it inside the house . i tried four ac to dc inverters already but they wo n't work . those jumpstarter range from 80 to more than a hundred dollars each . if you can find an inverter that will work with this please tell me . 
it works pretty good for what it is . it should het the sand out 
black and decker specifications indicate this flex auto vac is 11.5 air watts . 
no , liquids would gum up the filter and short out the vaccuum 
no it is n't . 
yes . i am a smoker and the ashes fall in the cup holder . it does an excellent job . you only have to finish with a damp cloth . 
we use our set with a small ultralight camp stove . the camp stove is a backpacking model , so it is pretty small , although i do n't know for sure what size your stove is . 
teflon coated 
i purchased this set for our earthquake readiness box -- hey , we live in california ! fortunately we have not used it -- yet . the only mention of a manufacturer is sticker on the bottom of its carry bag that says neewer . nothing stamped on any of the pots themselves . if you are wondering -- it does not say made in america -- so i suspect that it is not ... 
frying pan is around 7 '' x 1.5 '' big pot is around 7 '' x 4 '' small pot is around 6 '' x 3 '' 
no idea ! ! ! 
yes 
no , you can not use k-cups with this coffee maker . however , you can use `` single serve pods '' or coffee grounds . we found that the coffee maker tended to run over and get water coffee everywhere when you try to use the grounds , and the pods worked much better . you can buy the pods at pretty much any grocery store . 
there is some misinformation in the answers posted so far . this unit is not designed to use k-cups or any other kind of pod or disk . it comes with a included coffee filter , and you simply fill the filter with however much coffee ( grounds ) that suits your taste . when done , you simple rinse the filter . or , you can purchase disposable filters ( # 2 paper cone ) and just toss them . 
i just measured ... it comes with a mug that is 7 '' tall ( mug holds 16 oz ) . 
yes you can use any size cup . just use the cup as a measure for the water then the exact amount you need is dispensed . it works perfectly for any size cup . 
it comes with a filter cup that fits into a case that is placed in the machine . i remove the filter cup which is part mesh for coffee flow and wash after each use . i looked for paper filters and so far have not found any that small . i do n't think it was meant to use a paper filter due to the design of the filter . the coffee grounds stay in the filter . it does a good job . easy to wash 
hi , the unit is rated at 650 watts and 120 volts . the unit does not get very warm and the coffee is made rather quickly so it seems the design is well done in using the power to make coffee efficiently . 
if it is the correct size , similar to the mug provided . i 'm not certain , but inasmuch as the device is a drip type coffee maker there may be some splash that would escape the disposable cup in proximity to the coffee maker . but that at night be a big deal . 
i just flipped it over and looked at the bottom and it says 120v ~ 60hz 650w , hope that helps ! 
yes . i have n't had any issues with sticking . i use this pot every other day at least . 
i have never used it in the oven , so i 'm really not sure . i 'm sorry . 
i believe its in georgia 
blue 
we use it on gas our gas stove at home , anything else i would not know . 
width - 55.063 '' height - 28.5 '' 
the glass `` attaches '' via small suction cups to the legs . it is pretty stable - have been using as my study table for a few months now without any problems . hope this helps . 
the glass itself is solid and heavy so it can definitely support some weight . the legs are metal too so i 'd guess at least a couple hundred pounds . 
it 's 27.5 '' tall . i love my desk . 
yes . the top is a heavy glass and the legs are an aluminum . 
it 's about 4 ft long and 2ft wide . very good size and i 'm in love with it . 
yes absolutely . there is more than enough room . highly recommended product . 
it 's very easy , put fruit of your choice in the basket add water , put the lid on and drink . i 've added , strawberries , lemon , lime , apples , cucumbers and different assorted berries . 
the bottle is plastic . 
pretty small . to be honest , i never use it and would n't purchase this again . i am using essential oils for my water instead . i also just add fruit directly to my water and do n't use the infuser . 
not sure , but it seems super sturdy . we have books on two of the four shelves . cork side has a coin collections hanging on it . hook side has had winter coat and always has clothes hanging on them . putting a 12 inch potted plant on top with out a second thought , just haven '' t got to it yet . swivel is heavy duty , not something that will bend easily , would be hard to bend it with tools . the piece itself is extremely heavy . no chance of it being knocked over or tipping over . two stationary shelves . two adjustable shelves that could be made stationary . 23 pound dog curled up on bottom shelf , kids found him and were spinning him around ... if that is what concerns you . not recommending dog spinning of course . 
no , you have to screm them in . 
yes it does 
yes 
yes 
120v , 60hz , 1400w 
yes ! i had a cheese overflow accident from a pizza and it wiped right off even though it had cooked on there for a bit . 
no , it can only hold an 8 x 11 and the pan can have no handles on them otherwise it wo n't fit . 
the crumb tray actually catches all the crumbs . this is the best toaster oven i have owned . all you do is slide it out and empty it . it also does many things besides just toasting . i have made casseroles , meats and desserts in this oven . 
i 'm not sure what clips you mean , aron . the hooks on the door that pull out the tray when it 's in the lower rack ? if the toaster oven is missing parts , you could return it . 
no it does not . the only tick it has is with the timer feature and then on 'convection ' setting , you can hear the fan 
12 1 2 '' across and 11 '' deep 
i 'm guessing you are asking about how comfortable it is ? if so , i am extremely susceptible to being uncomfortable with any kind of mattress protection and i do n't have a reaction to this . it feels more like cloth . i did buy a padded mattress cover because i assumed i would n't like it , but we have n't really needed to use it . i hope this helps . 
if your mattress fills the cover completely , it should stay in place . mine does . 
yes 
yes , it should fit a queen size with a pillowtop . it comes in different sizes . 
they are a little wider than a standard queen size . i know full size was that way it fit easily . 
it is a comforter . 
no . i returned this item because it looked nothing like the photo . more of a washed out , greyish blue . definitely not what i wanted . 
this set does include a flower nail . if memory serves , you may have to buy the couplers separately . 
not that i see . tip # 47 is the basket weave one , that is in the kit 
made in china 
set includes tips : # 1 , # 3 , # 5 , # 8 , # 12 , # 14 , # 16 , # 18 , # 21 , # 32 , # 59s , # 101 , # 104 , # 224 , # 2d , # 233 , # 47 , # 352 , # 366 , # 67 , # 74 , # 81 . 
i 'm sorry i can not answer your question because this item did not reach the final destination address 
yes 
apron approx . measurements are 15 x 17-inch - adjustable at neck and hips for a fit that will last for years 
the mom 's apron says `` what happens in the kitchen , stays in the kitchen '' and the daughters says `` ask me what happens in the kitchen '' 
john - i went and verified this before responding to you - i was able to keep my hand on side and back through the standard 4 setting . the side at the very top got warmer but i could still hold my hand on it . hope this helps with your question . i have had mine for a few months now and i just love it . 
this is a great toaster . after power level 6 toasting , it is hardly warm to the touch on the front , side and back . 
i have a 2 slice unit . it gets warm but certainly not hot . it appears not contain any insulation . 
from product page = product dimensions : 12.6 x 12.3 x 9 inches 
china , i 'm sorry to say . 
yes to both questions . we use for bagels quite often . 
about 2 1 2 minutes 
no . not unless you are both anorexic midgets . 
thank you for your inquiry . the mattress measures 39 '' x 75 '' . please let me know if you have any further questions 
no , but it is nylon mesh so it can be wiped down . not comfortable for use without a cover . we made it up as a bed , complete with mattress pad . 
absolutely , it can be stored under a twin bed . the mattress has four to 5 fold points so it can be folded to different configurations . would probably fit in on of those very large storage backs also 
that is exactly how i use it in my tiny trailer . fold out to sleep , fold in to sit on and have more floor space . 
these containers are not insulated . you could put yoghurt in them , it seals pretty well , but you would have to put them in with ice or `` blue ice . '' 
yes . 
no , they are not insulated 
the orange plastic tab on the side is slid to one side or the other ( i do n't have the thing right in front of me at work ) but the plastic tab on the side of the picture , you slide it 
i have no idea . i returned that juicer ! 
yes 
not to sure but i kind of doubt it . is it ninja brand cups ? the blade that this blender comes with is awesome and is pretty essential to breaking down the product so i wo n't recommend using another cup and blade anyways . 
press down on the handle . 
i cooked a 7 lb organic chicken 4 or 5 times very successfully , if that helps . crispy skin , moist inside -- best chicken ever ! 
no , 10 '' is maximum size . i love my vonshef . it 's most used appliance in my kitchen . 
i have put the glass bowl , the stainless steel extender and the racks in the dishwasher with no problems . 
hello cwun ... . i am not sure how long i owned it . look at the date of my review and add one month . as far as working , at first the oven hesitated starting so i would shake it a bit and it worked fine . today it works perfect . i use it once per week to prepare chicken vegetable bean soup or beef vegetable bean soup which is my lunch for the week . i hope this helps . 
hi there , girl ! ... ..i use mine with waffle-cut frozen potatoes ... ..just put a single layer on a shallow pan that is n't so big , that the hot air ca n't circulate ... ..use the tall rack ... ..i set the temp at 400 , and set for 10 mins per side ... ..the timer tends to cut the heat off at about 7 mins , but the potatoes get brown and pretty fast ... ..i hope this suggestion helps you : ) 
i believe it was made in china . 
hello jerry , sorry for my delay ... yes the cooker came with a warranty but i need to find the manual to see for how long . its a very good cooker which uses hot air ( a fan and special light bulb ) to cook . for me it cooks healthy without frying and easier than using the oven . if i find the warranty tonight i will write again . feel free to ask any other question . gfv 
it 's the width . 
the set i got included table , 4 chairs , and a bench ( which is suppose to seat 2 ) . all require assembly . 
black 
here is a link to the chairs . http : www.amazon.com boraam-21031-bloomington-dining-cherry dp b009kkpf8i ref=sr_1_1 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1416168903 & sr=1-1 & keywords=boraam+chairs 
36x60 inches . hope this helps . 
le creuset does n't make one , so you 'd have to use a universal lid . 
yes , up to 500 f . 
i use soap , warm water and dish brush , i do the same with the inside . 
no 
i have never had any issues with searing at high temps , infancy the cast iron is great for that ! 
made in france 
le creuset does n't make a lid to go with it , but it 's a fairly standard size , i think . i would just google lids for whatever size 10 1 4 , 11 3 4 etc.. , and see what 's out there . 
pull behind . the handle likes to fall down . i would like it to be locked in place so when you let go of it that it 's still in the position i left it . 
yes , and up and down curbs as well as over not so even terrain . 
yes , it is . 
china . 
i hope you can see the picture i am seeing as it will make describing it easier . front and back panels are 12 '' w by 20 '' deep . sides are 8 '' w by 20 '' d. on each side you will also find a pocket sewed over side that is 8 '' w by 11 '' d. the bottom is very strong material covered with more material of t he cart . it feels stronger than cardboard unless it is really a strong one . the flap is there if you want it . i personally tuck it inside so i can get more clothes in . on the back as you can see is a flap going over part of the frame and and secured in back . also a 7 '' zipper on the back with a small pocket 12 '' w by 6 '' d. my husband was worried the rollers would wear on the stairs carpet , by it rolls right along and does n't put a lot of stress on my body . i use it mainly for loads of laundry but have even taken in heavy groceries on occasion and it is working just fine . 
the cart is rated for 220 lbs in total . i have stuffed the bag full plus strapped additional bags to the frame and had no trouble . i would not suggest attempting to carry a load of bricks with this cart , but for small shopping trips it works great . 
the chair is pretty well made but very narrow . a small child only would be comfortable sitting in the seat . not sure of weight capacity . 
8 pounds . 
it came with a bed skirt , the comforter . the two decorative pillow shams and one small decorative grey pillow as you seen in picture . 
mason , no it does not but that 's an easy fix really . check out the trendy bed for all your bed skirt needs . thank you , cathy @ the trendy bed 
no . it 's a comforter 
i do n't have the dimensions ( i returned it ) , but the comforter did n't hang off the mattress like most sized comforters . it seemed too short and thin . i returned it because the fabric was really cheap and slippery . 
per the tag on the blanket : machine wash cold , gently and separately . do not bleach . tumble dry low . if there is no free movement in washer or dryer , use large capacity commercial machine . remove promptly . do not iron . 
yes it is . 
no . just a cheap wood frame 
as you can see , there are too many vendors ( `` artists '' ) who present different quality for choices , 
framed 
the size for this painting is : 25x40cmx2,20x50cmx2,20x60cm ( 10x16inchx2,8x20inchx2,8x24inch ) best regards , santin art 
i did n't like the product bc its not what i thought it was going to be . never had it out of the pkg . 
what sort of question is that . if you have a complaint report it . mine was in fine shape 
it takes up about 4 feet long of wall space and height 2 ft 
unfortunately only one . 
one sham per package 
it is for one sham . i purchased two for my queen size bed . they are of a beautiful sateen cotton - very nicely made . 
fill with desired amount of water , plug it in , then use the button on the top to set it to the desired temperature . it comes with a guide for recommended temperatures for different drinks . 
the up down arrows on the handle 
this kettle includes a removable , washable filter . at this time , the filter is not available for purchase separately . if you have any questions , feel free to contact customer service at www.oster.com contactus . 
only when it is finished heating . you select the temp you want , and when it beeps to let you know it 's done boiling , it will show the temp of the water . the temp display will stay on until you unplug it . sometimes it 's a degree or two off what you actually selected . 
i do n't really know . mine died after two weeks . so much for that idea . 
sorry , i ca n't answer this for you . after laying down on it once , i returned it and tossed paperwork after refund . you can contact the company . they should be able to tell you , if no one else has the answer . 
yes , according to my understanding and research . it looks a lot like cushion products from the 1960 's 
hi , thanks for submitting your question . according to this seller 's storefront page , most items can be returned within 30 days of receipt of shipment . you can read more about our returns policy here : 
i believe the bigger holes would be on the softer side . 
it should fit , a standard size pillow fits easily the case measures 20 x 25 '' . the pillow case opens with flaps that fold over each other in the middle of the case which make it fairly flexible . the flaps keep the pillow securely inside . i hope this answer helps . 
just one size . 
love the leopard print ! my skin and hair have never been healthier 
not that i know of , sorry 
according to honeywell 's website the window bracket adjustable from 19.9 to 47.25 inches . 
yes , i have mine set up that way . it would help if you had something to keep the window in place if it 's not heavy enough ( i use a sliding window lock that screws in ) . 
this unit does not require draining at all . we have been running this air conditioning unit for a month now and the self evaporating feature works perfectly . as far as quiet all i can do is speak of this in a relative manner . we had a very nice 8 thousand btu window unit that was very quiet . when it was running we only had to turn up the tv one or two levels to hear at a comfortable level . we had to replace it with a portable unit because our neighborhood has a covenant that bans window units . this honeywell 10,000 btu unit is much quieter . my wife and i can leave the tv volume at the same level on or off . in reality the sound it makes is a soft soothing sound . we like to turn it on set to run for one hour when we go to bed because we find the sound to be quite relaxing . i hope that helps . 
9.5 a 
it absolutely will . all you have to do is turn it vertically instead of the exhaust resting on the window sill . the exhaust kit is very adaptable and very intuitive to use . in addition our unit i still running beautifully . it is in use every day in florida in an upstairs master with a ton of glass overlooking the 10th green with afternoon sun . in twenty minutes it gets the room down to 65 degrees if i want it to . i love this air conditioner . 
sorry no it doesnt ! ! i wrote the wrong word sorry it is by far the best machine we love it and you dont have to dump any water 
the product description says 400 sq . ft. ( standard ceiling height being about 8 ft ) 
just the comforter , the sheets and pillow case is seperate but mine was of good quality , the doc tent for the bed was poorly made and expensive for the money . but basically every thing is sold seperately 
very good and will keep your little one warm 
no - the twin size fits just twin perfectly . for a full double size , it will be to short . 
twin sized comforter only 
comforter only 
it 's folded very tightly and packaged in one of those plastic zipped bags . not sure of the exact dimensions as we recycled the bag . 
just do it ! 
the size of a softball ... not sure on how many shots 
no it did n't but is a cool addition to my skull collection 
yes 
it is made of glass . it was a great gift , smaller than i thought it was going to be , but still very cool gift 
it is quite small 10,5 cm tall . it contains 400 ml . i measured up with water . hope this will help you . 
measuring the skull without the spout , it 's 3 and a half inches tall . if you include the spout and stopper it 's 5 inches overall . i measured and it holds 1 and one half cups of liquid . i hope this helps 
depends on the seller . check if they offer international . also right now , the default seller on the product page is in china . expect quite a delay if you are in the us . 
yes it was in a box 
not at all 
yes , it does . it 's a good water-proof barrier . it works as well as a plastic liner but is definitely an `` upgrade '' because it drapes nicer and you can machine wash it . i recommend it for anyone who has purchased one of the hookless shower curtains . 
yes . mine initially came with the plastic liner but i have found i like the fabric one much better . 
yes it is . and i bought the liner and i was a bit stressed but not it fit like a glove . have a nice day 
no 
snap in . 
? ? ? 
i had both inside and was corrected by a few people . the liner is inside the tub , the curtain hangs outside . 
about a 4 '' diameter pancake that my wife and i like . 
yes 
yes you can flip it over and cook on the other side . 
4 in diameter . 
it does not - but best purchase ever ! 
yes , i bought it for my dad and he makes sunny side up eggs in it . 
the mirror is 9 '' x17 '' 
wall opening :14w x 24h x 4d 
wall opening :14w x 24h x 4d 
very good 
search youtube for titan peeler and there is a video which shows how . 
a pizza stone or cast iron pan if available . i own a pizza restaurant , and we make our own dough - preheat the pan in the oven , and your dough should cook great ! 
i use it for commercial use at events not for everyday but from what i understand it can be used daily without any problems . it cooks fresh pizzas a little hotter so lower the temp & add a couple of minutes to get a pizza not burnt on the top . 
yes , papa murphy pizza is made fresh . i usually cook family size for 6 minutes , rotate it , and cook another 6 minutes at about 425 f . 
you can keep it on continuously 
probably about 15 - 20 min . 
perfect for either ! our bar uses both - frozen larger ( 12 '' -16 '' ) and fresh smaller ( to 12 '' ) 
fully assembled it is 68 inches high , 15.75 inches wide , and 19.5 inches deep . the shelves sit approximately 2 inches , 18 1 4 inches , 34 3 4 inches , 51 1 4 inches , 67 3 4 inches above the ground . 
no . it is not . 
not sure . i put a lot on these shelves and it holds up to it . they themselves are very light and i can move them around in the closet or use them in two pieces so i can put them on the top shelf if my closet to organize . 
it does n't come with any attachments to be able to hang it , and while i think it 's moderately sturdy , i 'm not sure i would trust it to stay together if it were hanging . at least the top shelf it 's hung by . 
i suppose so , but casters would need to be exact diameter or they would wobble in holes designed for the poles 
15.5 x 19.5 x 67.9 inches 
52x18x15 
it utilizes a metallic wire as the heating element . there are reflective plates onto which the metallic wire is mounted with spacers . this toaster browns extremely evenly no matter what size bread you are toasting . if you will not be toasting over sized loafs of bread or pastries , i would suggest getting the smaller sized unit . the toast slots are a bit shorter but they are the same width to accommodate thick slices . the smaller unit is almost $ 100 cheaper as well . all in all , you will not be disappointed in the purchase of either size of this toaster . a great product that will also reward you with numerous compliments as well . 
the bta830xl die-cast smart toaster has a higher heating wattage , adjustable volume alert control and a metal die-cast brushed housing while the bta630xl `lift and look ' touch toaster is slight less wattage and has a heat resistant plastic housing . 
the 820 is a 2 slice unit . the 830 is two slots but will toast 4 slices of regular bread or two long slices . perfect for those outdoor sandwich rolls 
not necessary . it has an `` auto-off '' feature , so you can leave it plugged in . 
yes , kitchenaid has one . i purchased it two years ago but i do n't know if they still make the model i have . 
the bays themselves are 6 inches deep and 10 inches long . when a piece of bread is placed in it , the `` elevator '' takes it exactly 5 inches deep . best toaster on the planet . 
they last a year . then the left element burns out . 
while you can place an item to be toasted in only one slot , both slots heat up . there is no option to only have one slot active . 
you should n't have a problem . i do n't know how small a piece of bread you 're thinking about , but everything i 've toasted rises up nicely . 
yes , i have it on a twin bed bunk bed . i wanted it to be larger so my daughter could wrap up in it . 
no . the pillow cases & sheet set are sold separate . 
just the comforter sheets are separate and we found it out after if u want sheets included get the one hat says comforter set 
it works with my ultra+ . if the premier is made by the same mfg , i would recommend you call them and ask . inno concepts is representative with email of info @ innoconcepts.com . hope that helps . the coconut attachments presents some sig risk of injury , and i have n't tried it yet other than just putting it on to make sure it works . i got the attachment before it potentially might be made unavailable later . hope that helps you . 
no not a good product . it kept coming out and was not very safe . 
yes 
nope . 
about one meter 
yes it does . also , keep an eye on your electrical outlet and the plug . if they get hot put on lower heat setting . if it is already on low setting , unplug it and move it to another outlet until you find one that runs cool or warm . i found out i had some bad electrical outlets using this heater and possibly inadequate wiring . another thing , i bought 4 of these heaters and 2 of them after about 2 weeks started humming vibrating and rotating counter-clockwise . good luck with yours . 
yes , but make sure it is several feet on all sides away from the wall and the floor is flat . 
white 
no it is not 
unit is : 29 '' high,11 1 2 '' deep,15 1 2 '' wide . these are for the 3 unit shelf . 
about 20 but they would n't stand upright ( would be 30 in two rows if they did ) . i think there are better ways of storing dvds especially if you want them hidden . 
thanks for your question ! the 3 foldable baskets are included with the storage rack . they are covered in the price . as of september 18 , 2013 the listed price for the 3-basket option is $ 66.97 . this item is also available in a 2-basket and 4-basket option . i hope this helps ! 
mine is 18x18 and fits 
i do n't know why they would n't be . the inside is all poly fiberfill , which i 've washed many times in the past . sometimes you have to kind of reshape them , however , and i would n't put them in a real aggressive wash cycle because of that factor . a frontloader would certainly be the best machine since it 's much gentler . 
maggie , thank you for your email . yes you only get one shipping charge for your order . no matter how many items you ordered . sincerely , gerrie 
it fits in my 16x16 pillow case . it makes it nice and fluffy . 
i believe it 's for indoors only . 
i 'm not sure . to be honest i usually hand wash linens or take them to a professional cleaners . 
as long as the outside material is weather resistant you should be fine . they wash well and fluff nicely with tennis balls thrown in the dryer with them . 
do n't know , do n't own an induction unit . just know that everything i cook in this pan sticks to it , and is hard to clean-off . my cast iron grill is easier to clean . 
if the pan is hot enough , yes it will . i 've not used it for fried eggs , as the ridges make flipping them over challenging . pancakes hold up better , but you still need to slide your spatula along the ridges , not crosswise into them . 
this pan is not made to cook those foods . those foods require a flat surface , and they will end up being extremely difficult to flip as they will conform to the ribs on the pan . 
we use it exclusively on a gas stove . 
the cooking surface measures 9 & 1 4 '' x 9 & 1 4 '' . the out to out edge of the pan measures 11 '' x11 '' 
both . i purchased one and love it . you can fry , bake , and broil . the handle gets hot in the oven but stays cool when you cook on the stove top . 
it is 12 inches by 12 inches . we love it ! 
yes 
i do n't know . it was n't very heavy . but know it did n't do the job after the second seasoning . 
hello . the dimensions are : w : 47.520 '' x d : 19.449 '' x h : 71.496 '' 
the left side is 68.75 inches high and 26.25 inches wide from bottom of unit to fixed shelf . fixed shelf is 12.25 inches high . the rt side has 2 drawers that measure 20.25 wide and 9 inches high . it is 49 . 75 inches from drawer to top . there is one shelf that is adjustable . hope this helps . it is a cry nice unit . 
100+lbs 
nope - the back is made of that cheesy cardboard like paper stuff that comes folded ... . you nail it in with about three thousand inch long nails . 
there is model 414273 in cinnamon cherry . 
no , i 'm sorry . 
think about a normal size door , it 's a little shorter and a little wider than a door . the exact measurement are 20 '' deep x 47.5 '' wide x 71.5 '' tall it 's enough for a guy as they do n't have as much as girls do , at least most of the guys . hope it helped . 
yes 
26 inches . 
i believe they are , they do n't work well , so i would n't bother . 
i do n't know sorry 
i have never fried indian 's bread in this , but if you want me test it i will test it for you . so , send me what kind indian 's bread you want then i will tell you but really it is nice 
i dont know . maybe it works on the principal as of the convection oven . sorry not a very good answer 
120v 
no , this thing is mostly a one trick pony , but it is incredibly good at what it does do . 
no 
yes 
induction heat is just finer control of the heat and heats quicker . not sure it 's worth the extra money , but for the gadget nut , you wo n't be happy knowing a higher grade cooker is out there . i 'm sure the both work well . 
no . manual cleaning . very easy cleaning process . 
sorry we only offer 110v . 
yes , fill with water for a couple of days first to let the barrel `` swell '' first . very nice barrel . 
mine looked just like what was advertised . 
yes . i did need to increase the size of the top hole 
i think your wine wo n't have enough time to get oakey taste if you fill it up right before serving . t 
i do not . this cask will produce a strong wood character for beers ( think plywood ) if aged in . i do n't recommend aging anything in it because it is probably not made of oak , despite what is advertised . 
i have had two sets of 2 tiers of shoes racks and one is set at the entrance of back door . it has gone through a year of rainy weather and one winter season . the rack still looks as nice as it did when i bought it . 
yep , it comes with mounting . not exceptionally stable , but fine if you do n't have kids or pets that will knock it around a lot . 
fabric ! 
the tag says `` made in china '' and `` printed in the usa '' . 
it 's printed on fabric and it has something like a buttonhole where the shower rings hooks go . 
yes , i can confirm that there will be no bare spots in the design . the design you see here will print over the entire shower curtain . 
pillow cases that fit european sized pillows ... 26x26 ... not the standard american pillows 
no , it stops pretty much where it is on the picture . 
i only comes with the three smaller pillows and then with a set of larger silver cases and a set of the larger purple and silver ( match the spread ) . you would have to buy 4 of the larger to fit . this is a beautiful set and very well made . i am very pleased with it . 
i believe i have put it both ways on bottom right left 
it is only one sided 
eyeballing with a good eye ... i 'd say 4'x18 '' x18 '' 
vacuum sealed flat . during this process it 's like a new years party favor . as air is pulled out it starts to roll naturally . the inner spring compresses nicely and can be rolled tightly . 
i do n't know where the materials come from but i called the company several times and they were very helpful and nice . great customer service experience . i recommend calling brentwood . 
only one 
we have not noticed any odor from the mattress . we purchased this for a travel trailer , so there is a firm foundation , and found the mattress to be very comfortable . we would have noticed an odor given the small surroundings , but as stated , noted nothing . we have been very pleased with the purchase . 
it 's a little smaller than the standard twin , the frame may have to be shortened or adjusted slightly . 
i got it for bunk beds . but yes i think it requires a box spring of some sort . 
28 7 8 x 14 
14 '' x 28 '' 
i use it with my glass cook top .really heavy do n't drop it . 
did n't weigh it on the scale but it 's quite heavy . probably more than 20lbs . 
30 inches including the handles 27 inches of grill space 
yes it does , on the flat side along the length of the griddle 
you should be able to use it on a camp fire . 
yes but it is heavy a bout 28 lb 
i bought 3 of these fans and one is in the bedroom . this is definitely one of the quietest window fans i 've ever found . even on high i can still hear the radio , which i could n't do with my previous honeywell fans . they produce a sound quite similar to white noise machines . 
yes that 's what i bought this for ! get it it 's worth it ! check costco first because they had it last year 
roughly half the height of a standard two fan window unit . little smaller . also a little wider in order to compensate for the extra fan . should fit most windows of a frame built home . 
i do n't know about 42 '' - mine is 38 '' and it expands with expanders to fit just fine . i 'm running it in a vertical mode . 
mine is exactly 6 feet long . i measured it . i 'd say a little short considering you have to hook it up at a window level but luckily i have an outlet right by the window . 
i was looking to confirm that too ! i found this on ebay : dimensions : minimum length : 25.25 '' x 3.375 '' x 7.75 '' or maximum length ( with expandable panel fully extended and both extender panels assembled ) : 36.75 '' x 3.375 '' x 7.75 '' 
sorry -- there is only one size . 
it fits a body pillow , which is much larger than standard size . it is approximately four feet in length . 
the only bottle i 've gotten to work were the bottles that already had that type of top . 
plastic 
plastic . 
yes 
the organizer is about 1 foot high , 10 '' deep and 5 '' wide . 
10 x 5 x 11 inches 
yes - not sure of the quantity . 
the stand is 5 inches from the bottom of the feet to the top of the base plate . our rocker 's wooden base is at the very bottom of the rocker , and there is fabric fringe of trim hanging from the base about 3-4 '' , making the chair look like it 's almost touching the ground . 
so far we have put about 300 plus pounds on this model and it has held up beautifully . 
the legs 'spider out ' from the very center 13 '' . 
5 `` 
no 
really thin plastic . looks like dollar store stuff . i was really disappointed and did not give any i bought as xmas gifts . 
hello , it 's from starbucks 
no . the logo is only on one side of the cup . 
yes . definitely get them from the store . 
it seems to be a simple , thin plastic , that is a bit sturdier than the plan plastic cups that most companies give out to promote their brands , there is a recycle sign with a 5 in it on the bottom but i do n't know what it means in refernce to the material though . 
they cups are plastic . nice for daily reuse and for gifts to friends and others . 
it does n't say on the item itself . it may have said on the box but i threw that away . if it 's made in china it 's very high quality , i.e . no cheap stinky plastic . the top is porcelain and the bottom half with the valve is plastic . as far as i can tell the small amount of plastic does not impart any flavor to the coffee . i use mine every day at work with light roast coffee . 
the stopper is plastic with a silicone top that contacts the ceramic base where the hole is . 
i prefer the clever coffee dripper because 1 ) it works on the pressure principal to drain the coffee into the cup - no messing with a lever ) and 2 ) the bottom of the ccc fits over a larger mug ( i use a big mug ) which the bonavita does not . 
no they are not adjustable . we used the 4 '' for reception tables and they were the prefect height . 
yes , 12 pieces per order 
yes 
its 12 individual stands . there is nothing to assemble . pretty good quality . the ones i have are still in good condition ! 
the bottom of the harp is nearly 1 '' . the clamp portion ( at the top of the harp ) is 3 4 '' . i bought 2 heights of these holders , and both are fairly sturdy , but the 3 '' height tips over easier than the 1-3 4 '' height . harp dimensions are the same for both . 
yes 
2 it comes with them . unfortunately , the rabbit died after 3 uses . i would not recommend this product . 
no , the ice just spins around . 
silver and glass - the red , i think is the liquid 
powered by a 6500 rpm motor the 18oz mixer can mix you more than a hundred cocktails on its two aaa batteries included . 
the other ozeri pans claim they are both pfoa and ptfe free , this one does not - so i am assuming it is present in the material . i did a little research into the greblon coating which is made by weilburger in germany . they do make several different coatings that contain ptfe aka teflon . only one of their products is ptfe free , a coating called ck2 , but we do n't know exactly which one is present in this pan . 
the non stick coatings are different on the ozeri greenearth stoneearth . the main difference is the green one uses a ceramic based coating ( similar to green pan et al ) this one uses a `` stonehenge '' coating . both coatings are made by greblon ( a german company ) . some more minor differences are the shape of the pan , handle style , 2 3 rivets , and the green is advertised as ptfe free but this one does n't so i do n't know . to further confuse things their steelearth pans use a third coating . i ca n't answer which is `` better '' but this one is quite good . 
i have no idea . they are definitely not . 
yes , i bought the ozeri zp-26gl green earth frying pan lid , 10-inch and it 's fits perfectly . 
yes that is what i have . it works the same but you need to remember to use a slightly lower setting . 
this pan utilizes a natural stone-derived coating from germany that achieves non-stick perfection while remaining 100 % free of pfoa , a harmful chemical found in traditional cookware . now ozeri 8 '' green earth textured ceramic nonstick frying pan is 100-percent ptfe and pfoa free . i hope this helps you . 
there is no additional pump , but it did have some hoses if my memory serves me . unit has worked well for about a year , is quiet . 
no , this is gravity drain only . 
no . the drain outlet will not accommodate a hose fitting . 
the exhaust air is cool . the room feels drier after it has been running all day and the humidity indicator on the unit shows a lower humidity level . unit is located in a basement where the air is generally cooler than the rest of the house . 
ddr60a2gp , this unit does not have a pump . 
it 's about 2 to 2 1 2 gallons i would estimate . their guide does n't say . i use it with a continuous drain and it works perfectly . very happy with the purchase . 
if you mean it needs assembly ... yes it does . 
w36*d12*h34 
it measures 36 '' ... . i love it 
30 pounds or so 
36 inches in height 
yes 
product dimensions : 36 x 11.8 x 33.8 inches 
yes , it does . 
10 inches deep . 
it 's about 10 inches deep . it 's a great shelf comes put together you just have to put the shelves in place , 
i measured from the top of the bottom shelf to the top of the second shelf ... 23.5 '' . the bottom shelf does not touch the ground . there is about 2 '' from bottom shelf to ground . 
the height is 4.5 inches from the base that the bread sits on to the top of the sides . i bake a 1.5 lb loaf and it well below the top . what i dislike about it is that the sides wander apart and in order to get a good slice of bread i wind up using one hand to hold the sides closer together and slicing with the other . also the sides are very flimsy and i can see them easily breaking in the near future . altogether , i am not pleased with this and have stopped using it . 
u. s distributor ridgefield park , new jersey made in china 
the actual slicer has no label on it at all . the box says from china 
i love mine i just use a damp clean dishcloth and whipe it off after every use . just a damp cloth not to wet . hope this helps you . 
the slots are wide enough for the bread knife that is part of my cuisinart electric knife set . 
the inside is a little over 6 '' wide . you would have to cut it in half . 
made in china 
i use it it takes a little time to get used to ! i like it . 
i found that my foam pillow is not as soft as most `` foam rubber '' pillows but not as hard as the brand name gel pillows . i sink into mine enough to form pockets . i 'm 5'10 ' @ 185 lbs . hope this helps . 
not really . this picture is deceiving because the wedge is actually beneath the pillow in this picture . you still use your own pillow . 
i ask this question also . the pillow cases can not be purchased through the company that makes it . i have n't found any other pillow cases that fit it . 
i think it would probably be a bit too small for that . i have a full-sized keyboard ( including numeric keypad ) and a logitech trackball-type controller , and there 's plenty of room for that , but i know i could not fit a typical mouse pad on there . 
it 's been a while but that sounds about right - it was fairly awkward for one person to handle and you may need a hand truck to move it around easily . of course , you can always unpack it and carry the pieces separately . the unit is quite well thought out and very sturdy - particularly at that price point . 
yes , but how you assemble the desk determines which side of the desk allows for the mounting of the keyboard tray . for instance , the crossbars that support the glass top that have holes to mount the keyboard tray . these crossbars can be used for the assembly of the left or right side of the desk . thus , you can determine what side of the desk has the keyboard tray , but it is all about how to assemble the desk . 
i was told by a few different sellers you could , but i have to tell you the instructions are difficult at best . you really need to have your thinking cap on to reverse the corner pieces properly . hope the others seller were correct . good luck ! its really a nice desk . 
if you 're referring to the corner glass panel then yes . 
yes 
yes , we have 100 pieces in stock . 
it is not . it is a silver finished plastic . my purchase was not a good experience . the product leaked continually and i did report to the seller who did not respond . it was poorly packed . bought ahead of time for a large shower , so first use was a couple months after purchase . bah humbug . trashed it . no choice . that 's not to say it will always be the case for a purchaser from this seller . but i was not happy with the seller from whom i purchased . 
its heavy , the glass is normal thickness of a regular mason jar ( the 6 '' ones ) . hope that helps 
on the stand 16 1 2 inches off the stand it is 12 inches 
hey kate . it 's 10 3 4 inches tall . i 'm very happy with this product . 
made in china . 
mostly . one problem we had was the glass shattered on the first use . my daughter poured hot water into it to begin to steep tea . not boiling water , just hot . 
i have a d cup and it does n't hold my bras . the space between each row is not big enough ... 
no , they are sewn in place . 
thanks for posting your question , after searching our catalog , i was unable to find these drawer dividers listed as single items . may i suggest checking out the `` customers who viewed this product also viewed '' section for more ideas of available items you may like . i hope you find one that suits your needs ! 
apprx . 6x11 1 2 ; 12x13 1 4 ; 6x13 1 4 ; 13x12 
no not this ones but if you go to storage for cups or china they come with lids these are the ones i love put all kind of things in them like ties so they stay duzt free 
6 cell : 33.5 x 15.5 x 9cm ( 13.18 '' x6.10 '' x3.54 '' ) ; 7 cell : 33.5 x 31 x 9cm ( 13.18 '' x12.20 '' x3.54 '' ) ; 8 cell : 28 x 14.5 x 10cm ( 11.02 '' x5.70 '' x3.93 '' ) ; 24 cell : 33.5 x 31 x 9cm ( 13.18 '' x12.20 '' x3.54 '' ) 
i do n't know . since they sort of , but not exactly , resemble many of my grocery tote bags , i 'd do what i do with those : hand wash them . but truth be told , these will be in a drawer , in which you tuck clean socks and underwear , so i 'm guessing , washing them will be a spring cleaning thing once a year . meanwhile , i have to say , they make the drawers look great ! i 've never been so organized . 
click on the `` contact the seller '' link and go ahead and send them the text . i sent a word document how i wanted it to look , but also described the justification and the font . worked great . 
we are only able to engrave the front of these flasks . 
you get to pick any font you want . i used a sport team logo , and i picked a font close to the one the team uses to go with their mascot logo in their artwork . i created my design in microsoft word , cutting and pasting an image from the web , and typing in initials , in a font that was in word . then attached that word document to a message to seller , after placing my order . their art department took what i gave them and did a great job of making it fit the best way it can on the flask . 
comes in a box but no funnel . its aa awesome flask 
use the contact seller link provided by amazon . 
i ordered on a monday , and did n't get my artwork done until wednesday , and it arrived thursday the following week ( 8 days from when i completed my order ) . there were ice storms during that time , so some shipping delays may have occurred . so my 8 days may have been longer than it would have been if ordered during summer . 
doubtful ! although the quality is excellent there was no rush to get it to me . however , i did n't pay any extra and money talks . mine also missed the delivery date by 3 days . 
they can do anything you ask them to do . you just need to decide how you want it done , and tell them ... they will do it ! 
they bolt together with metal wing nuts . sufficiently sturdy 
14 '' height 
it handled two 150 pound people , plus a pretty large dog , no issues 
i believe , you would have to buy a bed frame for a twin bed . i bought a twin xl for my grandson 's twin xl mattress ... you might be able to get 2 twins from a king size one . 
the one i ordered for my granddaughter was for a twin bed . 
it may fit it folds in the middle and the legs fold down as well . 
no headboard attachment 
the millineum falcon and the x-wing are scattered around the sheets as well as an a-wing fighter . goes really well with the quilt 
i would n't think so based on how it fits our regular twin . 
they are a standard sheet size . not extra deep . 
there is no indication of thread count on the packaging of the sheet set , but my guess would be around 200 thread count when compared to other sheets we own . i will say we are very happy with the sheets . i thought they may be on the cheaper side but they are very soft and comfy . i believe these sets were sold at target and as we have bought other bedding there i would say they are very similar to the circo sheets and quilt sets . no solid answer but i hope this helps . our son is loving his new bedding ! 
there is no logo or decoration of any kind embossed on the mugs . the words `` not for hot products '' and `` not for home canning '' are embossed on the lower sides of the mug . 
it 's just plain clear glass . the glass is not `` high temp '' as in pyrex measuring cups . 
yes , they are standard opening size . they can not , however , be used for typical canning . says on the bottom of mug . 
solid glass , very sturdy 
yes , they can . i even pour boiling water from the kettle straight into the glass and it never cracked . i 've done it for coffee and tea and still no issues . 
we have over 2000 mugs available . for a quantity of 300 mugs , we recommend that you order this item in cases of 24 ( see http : www.amazon.com golden-harvest-drinking-mug-16 dp b0087z0rcg ref=sr_1_1 ? m=a13htxu7n5qmma ) so as to obtain the best pricing and lowest shipping fees . 
it is blank and i was disappointed about that , i thought the harvest emblem would be in it . 
yes 
the rim is 10 1 2 inches from outside to outside . the inside measurement is 9 1 16 inches . hope this is useful to you . 
inexpensive very light weight plastic 
it is not glass , it is hard plastic , but it looks very much like glass just alot lighter . 
as long as it is not over 5 inches 
less than 1lbs , all cheap plastics do n't buy it . 
i never checked . i personally would n't use matching . use something else and make it yours . 
cotton i suppose . it 's not silky or anything . 
comes with two shams and the small decorative pillow . 
it is a cotton over the batting of the comforter . nice fabric and good quality . 
yes it does 
here is the link for the manual for belle nutripro from manufacturer 's webpage . http : www.bellahousewares.com uploads user_manuals bella % 2013695 % 20nutripro % 20cold % 20press % 20juicer , % 20stainless % 20steel % 20im.pdf it goes as following `` ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .important safeguards when using electrical appliances , basic safety precautions should always be followed , including the following : 1. read all instructions before using appliance . 2. the cord to this appliance should be plugged into a 120v ac electrical outlet only ... ... ... .. '' i hope this answers your question . 
10-12lbs 
no idea . if you find out , let me know too . i need a gasket 
yes 
yes it comes with the recipe book but not sure about the 4-day juice infusion plan or the juicing color wheel and to go cup since i returned this after a day or two since it was too messy and could n't juice carrots and other veggies as good as i would like it . 
it juices greens just fine , this is where it excels . it works much better than centrifugal juicers where your greens will get caught up in the blade instead of getting juiced . so far i 've tried wheatgrass , spinach , beet , celery , and carrot greens and all did great . only a cold press juicer can do a decent job with greens . 
i purchased it for my mother and have n't measured it but it looks large .. easily fit half an apple in there whole carrots etc 
nothing will remove smoke completely . this machine though is as good as it gets with three filters . i have owned several different brands and none have proven to work any better no matter what the cost . 
you can use it either way . you have to turn the ozone on and is not recommended for anyone with asthma or chronic lung issues . 
all i had to do was put filters in . easy ! 
it is a 5 year warranty , not 3 years . 
having one of these units for about a year now , i 'd say probably not . the reason : this unit has comparatively low air flow rate which means it simply ca n't pick up particles which normally are not `` air suspended '' like fine dust , smoke , etc . dander , to my knowledge `` resides '' mostly in fabrics like carpets , cloth upholstery , etc . unless the mfg . specifically mentions a given filtration ability , it 's normal to assume `` does not apply '' when looking at such needs . 
not very noisy . i have it in my living room and it does n't bother me with the tv or anything . the only problem with it is my tv remote randomly turns it off . i would say it works great and you should buy it . good luck ! 
it 's faux fox fur on one side as shown in the picture , and the other side is faux rabbit fur , very soft ! 
unfortunately not , it is even a little smaller than i would like for our queen bed . 
dear bryan , thank you for contacting us . i would say the one with most black-ish colors is the pearl finn raccoon . the main colors of this throw is a dark shade of grey and darker shade of white compared to the other throws . another one might be amber fox , but that is more brown yellow dark instead of solid black . i hope this answers your question . best , -besthomefashion 
hello , our na branch does not ship to uk . amazon sells our products separately on their uk website . you can check out amazon.co.uk for more details . thank you . -besthomefashion 
maybe 2 inches at the widest . 
no , this knife does not come with a stand . subsequently , i bought a shun knife block . if you look closely at the knife you will see that the bolster is curved and extends forward from the plane of the heel by about 1 4 inch . this prevents the knife from seating completely in the knife block because the slots are too narrow to accompany the bolster . it 's not a huge problem but you need to be aware of a bit of this very , very sharp knife sticking out of the slot when reaching for other knives . finally , shun ships their knives in a strong box and securely protected with a cardboard pad . 
i use a tormek wet grinder . or , use the shun stones and be mindful of the blade angle and take your time . 
there is nothing in the way the handle is constructed to limit it to right handed use . i have tried using left and right hand and see no difference in the feel or use 
hi michele ! yes , there is room for components and the add-on component shelf is a great add-on that needs to be purchased separately . 
brown 
we deliver to the us and canada only at this time . 
it is 19 '' from the floor to the top of seat . i 'm 5'7 and it is fine for me as i need a higher seat for chairs due to back issues . i ca n't handle low seats . hope this helps . 
i am 6'5 '' and it is certainly satisfactorily to me . 
it does rock and extends 
no there is n't 
you can use mylar bags for resealing however you are unable to vacuum a mylar bag . 
yes . i bought stavac foodsaver vacuum sealer bags on amazon . they have worked very well for me . they are quart size and are sealed on one end , so you save time sealing . they sell 100 bags for $ 22.95 which is a fantastic price because the food saver rolls are very expensive and have to be cut and sealed on both ends . 
yes , at the bottom right is a pull our accessory hose . 
120 volts ac 
http : www.saferest.com saferest-premium-vs-classic-mattress-protectors.html 
i bought two twin xl ( adjustable king-size bed w two separate mattresses . the protector fits down over the sides to secure , but primary protection is top . 
no 
the set that i have as follows , 1qt,5in . -2 qt , 5 7 8in . -sm.skillet , 5 1 2 in.- lg . skillet , 7 5 8 . -5 qt pot , 7 1 8 in . hope this helps . betty 
i do n't know for sure but i would say , '' no '' . 
i 'm not sure but i do n't think it has any aluminum . 
yes 
yes the pots are stainless steal and designed to be nonstick . thank you for your interest in tools of the trade cookware . dave stellar bargains amazon marketplace 
must definitely good for induction cooking over gas or electric 
dear customer , this beautiful tools of the trade set is also sold in macy 's . macy 's sells them for $ 119.99 . macy 's does have sales during the holidays so you may check if they are on sale there . i know i found some great items for my house on sale at macy 's during this holiday season . so shop around , compare prices , and most important enjoy the holidays . answered by : eli stellar bargains amazon marketplace 
yes it is a plug in device . there is an illuminated switch on the bottom of the rail . 
the arms project 23 1 2 `` from the center cylinder . the center cylinder is 21 '' from top to bottom w a slight protrusion of the switch . the mounting flanges are 18 1 2 '' on center . 
hello , due to the nature of your query , please contact customer service directly . they will be able to assist you with your order . here 's a link to their contact form : 
yes . as long as it is a regular incandescent three way bulb ( not cfl or led ) the dimmer will `` see '' it as an ordinary bulb . for example if you have a 50-100-150 three way on the highest setting it will behave exactly the same as a regular 150 watt bulb . 
the lamp plugs into the back of the electrical plug - take a closer look at the picture . 
not on this model . 
the spice rack is 12 1 2 '' wide ; 8 3 4 '' tall ; and 2 '' deep ( front to back ) 
technically , yes . however , the rack is fairly thin , so it would be a question of how much weight you would put on it . 
you should n't need either a plumber or electrician . a qualified hvac service technician will be able to install it and get the system working fine . 
mix and match total = 36000 
i do n't have the exact measurements tonight but its about 30 w x 24 h x 12 deep and canot be any closer than about 15 inches from wall at rear and sides and make sure you have plenty of room in front too . these are only rough measurements , call distributor `` parker davis '' in florida for more accurate measurements . 
no ! it does not ! ! 
i have with out any issues . 
no , it 's well insulated so it feels room temperature . same with cold drinks , does n't feel cold . 
9.1 inches ( see description ) 
essentially same thing . this mug goes everywhere . close top & lock it & it can be tossed into any carry bag . no spills no muss . it is my best find , period . beverages stay hot for 7-8 hours really . holds 16+ - oz . cleans easily 
came broken twice ! ! i stromgly recommend not buying it- i dealt with dealing with getting replacements . they did try but it came broken twice and i gave up ! 
they are made in france . 
again i bought mine from a garage sale , but yes , i have a lid for the little frying pan , it is a small pan , but works well . not sure how it is sold here , but there is a lid for the litte pan , so i would imagine it 's sold the same way here as well 
yes 
yes . i 've used these on a glass stove top before . 
slightly heavier than the standard non sick pans but not hard to work with . 
how much do they weigh ? do you mean ? i have n't weighed them , but they are pretty heavy . great pots . i love mine . i got mine at a thrift shop used though for real good deal , but they are great and so much healthier than metal pots and pans . get them . just do n't pour cold water in them if they are hot from the stove , you will probably crack them . and do n't drop them when they are full either.. but that 's common sense . so to answer your question i do n't know the exact weight , but they are heavy enough not thin and light weight 
no , they do n't have any parts made of metal . 
read the instructions and follow them exactly . the only thing i changed was that during the shaking , i would stop a couple times to stir it . it really does work but if you are n't willing to pay attention and read the instructions and follow them exactly it wo n't . it does not make a ton of ice cream . it is n't supposed to . good grief . people kill me . 
a quarter of a cup of heavy whipping cream . 1 tablespoon of sugar , a teaspoon of vanilla . fill bottom of the cup with crushed ice and 4 tablespoons of water and salt each . it makes about one scoop of soft serve . 
the box comes with directions , you fill the bottom part with ice and salt and the insert with sugar and cream and other ingredients . then you put the lid on and shake it . but it does n't work well , the salt water gets in the ice cream usually and when it does n't it only makes about 3 spoonfuls of something that resembles ice cream . it 's not worth the time or money . 
i wish i knew , i bought this for a gift for a nephew . i 'll ask my sister about it when i talk to her next and get back to you . 
about one scoop . but i would n't suggest getting it . you 'll get a really soupy one scoop . 
follow the directions exactly 
suggest you pay attention to all the negative reviews ! 
was a gift for my granddaughter ... she has enjoyed making ice cream . fast and easy for a five year old 
hello mary- we just came off of a big sale week , and that may be the reason for the customer saying they paid $ 64.00 , or they had a coupon code . as of now the price is at 83.99 on our website . sincerely , samantha designer living customer service 1-888-879-8790 info @ designerliving.com 
it is a soft cotton fabric , not scratchy . i have already had to wash it several times because i have cats who sleep on my bed and shed and it is still nice . i really like the way the comforter cover drapes down over the edges of the bed . the pillow shams are not as fancy as the comforter cover , but look nice . 
it is n't bright white . 
yes 
just very wrinkled 100 % cotton . there was really no way to press it and it was n't the v look i wanted 
it doesnt come with a down blanket , but after you buy one and put it in the duvet , you wont be able to see the bedspread . if not you may be able to see the color of the bedspread . 
i always buy a size bigger , my bed is a full and i have a queen duvet and it 's perfect 
duvet cover 
i do n't know which specific kit to use for that model but you can go online to repair clinic.com , use online chat or call them directly and they will give you the information you need . the supco part i used lasted 30 days and died . 
this is a combined capacitor and start device for 1 4 hp or smaller compressor . they also make it in a higher hp rating you should look at that one . 
it should work on any refrigerator compressor . there are how to test your compressor and install videos on youtube . mine still works great on my fridge like clockwork after 3 or 4 months . 
the whirlpool freezer i installed the rco 410 worked and proved i had a shorted compressor . i have another on a 30 year old frigidare refrigerator that has been operating for about ten years . 
4 1 2 '' tall , top dia . 3 1 8 '' , bottom dia . 2 3 8 '' 
no , i am sorry not at this time . 
i do n't think i 'd use in the microwave . maybe the freezer would be ok if you were careful about how much liquid was inside . 
yes , we put all the glasses we make including these in the top rack of the dishwasher all the time . thanks for your consideration . jean moore 
we use regular straws without a problem . 
yes 
arm to arm inside where the seating area is 79.5 '' and the from arm to arm on the outside is 92.5 '' . absolutely love this couch , we have 2 kids and 2 big dogs and this is holding up great ! ! 
not sure what you mean . 
they are sewn on . i love this sofa ! ! ! 
yes they are included . they are pretty ugly tho ... but i was able to cover them and now they look great ! 
yes , it is reversible . 
yes you can make either ice cubes or chocolates with these chess pieces 
they 're the size of a standard chess board piece 
they are flat on one side so you need to make two sets and `` glue '' them together with melted chocolate . 
i believe they are made in china , but i love mine ! 
i have never used silpat , but i think they are very similar . my sil-eco works wonderfully as a nonstick surface , but i do n't use it for oily food . i read somewhere that 's not good for it . i use it mainly for cookies and roast vegetables and i love it . 
no , i believe all of these types of mats are making by weaving silicone with fiberglass , once cut they become dangerous as you may ingest some of the loose particles . 
it 's like a lighter version of poole blue very pretty color i purchased this item and i love it goes well with my room and curtains 
i got it for my queen and it fit nice , not sure you 'll like the fit for a king unless it come in king , but it is beautiful i love it 
yes quite a bit 
it is fine with condensation , but , it does n't hold a lot . 
it 's made to be frozen , but would cool a hot drink fairly quickly . 
sorry for the delay . 1-3 4 , 1-1 4 , and 1 2 fl oz . 
the diameter of the largest is 2.25 '' and the smallest is 1.5 '' . sorry , i do n't know the middle one is . it might have broken , and some one in my family threw it away already . 
china 
i believe they said hand wash , but i have run them on the top shelf of my dishwasher with no issues : ) 
hello , i 'm sorry for the inconvenience experienced . please return the item for a refund or a replacement . you can do so by using the following link which will assist you step by step : 
are you asking about the total weight of this cockpit or just the seat ( apart from the rest of the framework ) . the total weight of this cockpit is around 120 lbs . the seat itself probably weighs around 30 lbs or so . hope this helps . 
volair sim does not include any gaming hardware computer only seat and frame for monitors controllers . 
there is a pretty good range of adjustability as the entire cockpit `` stretches '' and also obviously the seat slides forward and aft . we generally specify the range to be from 48 '' to 80 '' in height with some adjustments to the avionics table . 
up to 30 '' ( must be vesa compatible - 4-bolt patten on back ) . you enable a setting in the graphics card configuration that `` spreads '' the desktop onto the 3 monitors and corrects for the bezel width . 
i keep the sim in a small bedroom in the basement 8 x 10 feet , the unit itself only needs 5x5 .hope that helps . 
that 's correct . the side arms are removable . 
i do n't know . i doubt it but you would need to make contact with volair sim directly ... . 
the biggest difference , honestly , is this is designed to go on the floor and be rolled up afterward . there are no buttons . i sleep on mine every night . this style of sleeping takes getting used to . you either like it or you do n't . i personally love mine . i think it 's the most comfortable thing in the world . then again , i 've slept this way for almost 10 years . 
i dont think you can take them apart but possibly steam cleaning would work . i have only had mine a month and a half . doubled on covering so i wont worry about it too often . 
i guess there is somewhat of a firmness issue . the area around my hips and shoulders i have noticed that the padding tends to move away and has to be fluffed . however i have to admit i do n't know if that is normal or not because this is the first time i have ever owned a futon . . i hope my comments were helpful 
yes . 
yes , i do . i would imagine it would be very hard to clean the whole thing , and i do n't *think* the cover is removable . 
it was a few inches bigger than 42.2 - which unfortunately for me , i was putting it in a space that was 44 inches so i did n't have much room to spare . i made it work , but i think it was over 45 inches wide . 
i returned it because it was not accurate in the product detail of the width . honestly i can not remember but it is wider than the 42.2 some inches it says it is and was more like 46. i think they have corrected it now because i just looked in the product description and it is 45.25 like it says there . it now has conflicting widths listed between the product detail and product description . both sections had it as 42.2 when i purchased it , which is why i had to send it back . it was really closer to 46 and so it was too big for my closet . i do think they probably have it right now in the product description now as 45.25. hope this helps ! 
not sure exactly , but we generally have about 25 to 30 big and tall men 's shirts and several pairs of jeans hanging at any given time on one bar . 
i would n't recommend it ; the unit 's it not set up for them . it would n't be impossible , though . you could search on amazon for `` casters set of 4 '' , and pick some 2 '' ones that swivel . mounting them with screws might be difficult , so consider a strong adhesive , like gorilla glue . just avoid getting the glue in the center of the base plate , which would nullify the swivel feature . 
exact weight , i do not know . relatively- i ; ve got at least 100+ various dress shirst and tshirts as well as 6-10 pairs of pants distributed evenly on both shelves , and plenty more folded clothes on top ( jackets ans sweaters and sweats ) along with folded clothes on the shelves on the side as well ( shorts and shorts ) and this thing has been strong since october of 2013. the only pit fall is clothes will get wrinkled on the bottom hanger because they are too long for the height of the hanger ( i wear l and xl ) . 
i would say no , though it would likely accommodate a english muffin . 
absolutely it can go in the dishwasher . 
yes , the handle does get hot ... .i got one of the potholder things that are made especially to slide onto pot handles . love , love , love the pan ! 
i donot think it will work . because it is not stainless steel 
apparently you can get away with putting them in the dishwasher but i do n't know why you would . i would have to say that these pots are some of the easiest to clean that i 've ever had by far , and i say that having lived with my parents until recently and been used their far , far more expensive cookware ( and having always been on kitchen duty , cooking and cleaning ! ) . 
yes you can use them on glass and electric ! 
dear carole ann , thank you for your inquiry . this set is not induction stove top suitable , however it is stovetop suitable for glass , ceramic , gas , electric . thank you for allowing us to be of service to you . sincerely , tonia d . 
no , there is a small steam hole on each lid ! 
i have never once had it leak but i have n't done anything crazy with it . it goes in the fridge , my lunch bag ( car ride & bus ride ) , work fridge , microwave and then it 's empty . i love it . 
656 ml 22.18 oz . 
i believe it is finland . 
looks like the same sistema mug . 
the clearance height is 12 inches . 
like a cherry 
no 
the orange canister has a full bag indicator light . the lime green one does not . otherwise , they 're the same machine except for color . you really need to check the bag yourself on a regular basis , so why pay more ? unless you hate green . : ) 
hi ... i have one just like this one , but it 's orange . i had another one somewhat like this one that i used until it fell apart , it was white and orange . they do n't make any other canister vacuums like these , so , anything current my selling is typically the latest and greatest . this model i have in orange , and it is amazing as far as vacuums go . put a new bag in and the darn thing will clean your floors or carpets to within an inch of its life . but for the life of me i ca n't find a model number on it anywhere ! but it 's the exact same as what 's pictured ! i would send you a picture , but i have no idea how through this correspondence . 
kenmore bag `` c '' 
no 
it has 12 amps . 
no.don , t buy . purchase the orange one.it has better features . 
yes 
you can have the tea bags standing up ( which i did because i put multiple types of tea in a single compartment ) and you can only fit like 8-10 in each compartment ( so 64-80 total ) . the compartments are sized perfectly for the standard size tea bag to sit horizontally and you can lay about 14-15 in each compartment ( much more , at about 112-120 ) . hope that helps ! 
the lid does have a hinge . the lid leans back a bit when it 's all the way open . 
no 
about 16 per cubby . so 16 * 8 = 128 . 
w 12 '' x l 7-1 2 '' x d 4-1 2 '' 
yes 
yes , they are , as the product description states . they are dishwasher and microwave safe . 
yes 
dc39 , the dust bin of dc 47 is too small 
there is an adapter in the kit for use with tools that are a different size . note this does not apply to stick units . 
no idea but check its performance before you buy . the suction is so strong that it sticks to the carpet and you can not easily glide it over the floor . had a refund on mine . 
no . 
the main vacuum head ( big spinning brush inside ) is about 20cm ( just under 8 '' ) wide . the little one with two spinning thingies is about half that . 
i think most any tablet will fit as long as its 10 inches its a snug fit 
yes it can stand up both ways . & # 128522 ; 
it expands to about 2 '' , so there should be plenty of room to keep a letter sized note pad , papers & notes . 
not sure how big the ms tablet is , but i fit my ipad air fits in it with a little bit of room left . i love this binder pad , great for work and love that the tablet is on the front with easy access and magnetic closure . 
i honestly do n't know . i have an ipad 3 and it works fine . i looked on a number of other sites including samsill and they all say it fits the ipad . no specifics on what model . sorry i ca n't be of more help . 
hi , as per samsill : features quick access front pocket with smart magnetic closure designed for ipad and other 10.1 '' tablets . thanks , pcrush 
there is the option of using the solofill v2 gold cup v2 gold refillable filter cup , which accepts k-cups and works in the v500 600 700 
when i first got it yes . but now that i use distilled water and clean it weekly no problem . 
from amazon . i have n't seen them anywhere else , and one review said this is a disadvantage of the kuerig view . you can buy a plastic cup on amazon that you can refill yourself and keep on hand for coffee `` emergencies . '' 
yes , but you have to buy a reusable vue cup , like this one : k2v-cup vue cup . 
yes it does . they replaced ours 3 times . apparently they do not make the v600 anymore . they sent us the new 2.0 400 series . 
ceramic 
two inches 
yes they are . i 've used these bowls daily since i purchased them last year and have been very happy with them . 
seems to be , as i 've used them in both many times and have n't had any problems . 
sorry , incorrect photo was inserted by amazon . the actual seer rating is 14.5 see the table attached ( one of the pictures ) for more details . 
it is 5 16 '' sae ... like most newer r410a systems . if you have 1 4 inch gauge set , you need an adapter . 
because auto mode can also do cooling and the fan needs to run in cooling mode always . best option is to select the heat mode in heating season . 
any cook ware it 's really good for travellong 
it tells you on the box picture , 110volts 
no , it just has heat knobs with off-low-med-high 
we 're upgrading our kitchen and will be without a stove top for a few more weeks . in this situation , this little burner is a god-send . while i do n't know what temperature it reaches , but i can give you some idea by giving a couple of examples : ( 1 ) it fries eggs easily and well ( 2 ) it takes roughly forever to boil water . between those two extremes , it cooks most things ok , but takes longer than you 're used to . let 's say twice as long , as a rool . two tips : turn the burner on , with the pot or pan in place , long before you start cooking . the cold food you put in the pan will cool the burner significantly . most of the extra time is taken by the burner re-heating . if you can possibly microwave the food before putting it in the pan you 'll save considerable time . of course you do n't want to totally nuke the meal ; just warm it up so the burner does n't have to do so much work . bottom line : it works ok , and `` ok '' is much better than nothing like our temporary kitchen-torn-apart situation . 
i cooked sausage , eggs and a pot of grits on it . it did n't take long for them to cook , i was very pleased . 
no it does not . you can use regular pans . 
one is larger than the other so it would probably be 800 on the larger and 700 on the smaller . it does not indicate on the packaging or instructions . 
i love this mattress . it is firm without being too hard . my grandchildren love them as well . 
per a google search on `` linen spa lucid '' manufactured - it is made and manufactured in china 
hpa200 
i run all of mine 24 7. i only turn them off to change the filters . 
as far as i know yes . ours is 
i 've had my purifier a few months now . i 've vacuumed the pre filter off several times , and it my opinion , it could be gently washed if necessary and will last a long time . i love this purifier ! 
definitely . i do run mine with the windows open sometime , but i it is much more effective with them closed . 
it was a gift so i havent tried but it is a glass mug made for hot liquids so i dont see why it wouldnt be microwavable . 
canada usa 
i gave this item as a gift , but as i recall the cup and cover were glass , the insert was plastic and metal mesh . 
1.7l it is very good product , we love it . 
the heating base has a cord , and after heating the pot lifts off the base for pouring . the pot itself is cordless , i suppose ( only the base has the cord . the description is a bit confusing ! 
other than the inside of the lid , no . as far as i can tell , only glass and metal ( from the coil that runs up the side ) touches the water when boiling . 
i do and have not had problems . i have broken one by hitting it on the granite countertop . 
7-1 8 '' tall , x 3-3 16 '' outside diameter . nice large size for cold drinks or large hot coffees . use mine regularly : ) . 
definitely glass . 
not if it 's being poured over ( i do it all the time ) ice . i would n't serve hot beverages in them , and i would n't put it in the dishwasher , or microwave . and do n't drop ice down in it hard . it 's a super glass ! well worth what they 're asking for them . hope this helped . 
i use them daily and never worry about the temperature of the glass before i pour boiling water in it . i am very careful though when i wash my wine glasses because i know if the water is a bit too hot they will crack . i ca n't say that if you have them in the freezer before filling them with boiling water , that they wo n't crack , but under normal room temperature ranges or even slightly below , i would feel very comfortable . they are extremely sturdy . 
these glasses have no rim , they are the same outside width from bottom to top . 
according to the tag on the sheets they are made in china . 
i ordered a king size and my pillow cases were king so im sure if you order queen your pillowcases will be queen 
it has elastic all the way around , but it 's some of the weakest elastic i 've ever seen and does not hold the fitted sheet in place . instead of being tight on my very deep mattress , the fitted sheet is loose and moves around . sadly , i will probably throw these sheets away . 
they are not cotton . they are synthetic microfiber . they are really nice , wash up well . i was nicely surprised at the softness , reminds me of silk but not as slick . only downside is i have a deep mattress with 2 in . topper and the fit is n't quite right . i could n't find the tag that was in them . i like high quality cotton best , but for the price you cant beat these . 
the pockets are 12 '' deep so should fit . 
no . 
everyone that has a tempur bed has said they love them . they are 16 '' deep . 
yes . we have a tempurpedic and they fit it . the extra elastic piece ( white string like for extra support in the corners ) is tough to get around it . we ended up ripping it on accident , but it does n't really need them for proper coverage . 
king size but needed half of the hem stitched down 
particle board that 's laminated . brittle material . 
it looks like a `` miniwax '' type finish . it is darker than cherry . 
approx 36 '' wide & 72 '' tall 18 '' deep 
yes , but the instructions are easy to follow . 
the shelfs measure about 12 '' apart . i have a large size bible that will not stand upright in the bookcase . 
this was bought as a gift , but i 'm pretty sure the bed skirt , pillow shams and maybe a pillow came with the comforter . 
no , but the bright colors can be brought or muted depending on main room color . my daughter 's room is a salmon pink and this brings out the purples , pinks and blues in this set . the background color on this spread is a light beige , so it would work in a khaki-colored room . i 'm not sure what frost khaki is like , but i hope this helps . this really is a beautiful set . 
the king size quilt comes with king size pillow shams . 
the quilt is actually 108 x 95 and fits well on my king size bed . the colors are bright and the weight is perfect for summer . 
yes . they are cute and tie in the back . 
speakers are about 2 inches , sound quality is ok as they are in a pocket in the curtain to protect them from water . if you do buy one just be very carefull with the pocket zippers . let the curtain aire out for a few hours before you try and use the zippers . 
yes , three aa batteries see more info here : http : techland.time.com 2013 07 25 finally-a-shower-curtain-with-a-built-in-ipad-pouch 
no , you can turn dry 
yes they have 
yes - they have an on off button 
they are not 
in do n't know they sent me the wrong ones and i 'm still waiting for the correct glow ice cubes . sorry 
i dont know yet . havent had one quit 
about 1 inche by 1 inche 
not really . the button works two ways - you can `` pulse '' it with a quick press , or press a little deeper and it 'll lock in the `` on '' position . 
no , just go to end where the button is and slide the door open . 
if the mug is rather short , then yes . the revolutions are intense , so deeper `` tube '' glasses or deeper mugs are ideal . begin low ( toughing ) the apparatus to the bottom of the cup , then raise slowly ( monitoring ) . as you move the frother up down - you will create more and more froth . the unit is outstanding ( and not just for coffee - i 've moved into mix cocktails as well ) . i 'm thing about buying about 20 of these things as next years christmas gifts ... .. 
that 's kind of a mouthful lol , but yes i believe there should be the word `` polyester '' somewhere on the page if that 's what they 're made of or if they contain any . `` egyptian quality '' is confusing and people may believe these sheets are made of real egyptian cotton , buy them , and then receive them to find out that they do n't feel like egyptian cotton at all . thank goodness my roommate has never had egyptian cotton sheets before or she would be pretty upset with her birthday gift lol . i was n't too pleased though . these are so not as awesome as real egyptian cotton . it was stupid of me to think i could get it for this cheap though and they 're soft enough i guess . 
yes and they have a flap on the inside to keep the pillow in place 
as long as you have deep pocket sheets , there should be no problem 
we did not experience any shrinkage after washing and drying the sheets . 
probably a little too deep . my mattress is 18 '' and fits easy . how this helped 
unfortunately i do not know the exact dimensions , however i can tell you that i ordered the queen deep pocket sheet set and it fit perfectly . this was especially satisfying because i 've found my mattress to be really difficult to shop for . i hope this helps . 
no . it is sold with two dies , a bigoli ( thick spaghetti ) and gargati ( narrow rigatoni ) . those two dies can not be swapped or exchanged for different dies . additional dies are available for purchase . 
it is not sold with a clamp , you have to furnish your own . try getting one from a hardware store or , alternately , screwing it onto a wooden bench . please be advised you will need to mount the torchio securely ! 
it has zippers on it - but i would n't take it off for fear it might not go back on . it is nice mattress . i would rinse it without removing it . 
the interior is solid foam per manufacturer 
i 'm thinking it 's a typo . unless they made the foam from lard . `` strutto '' means `` lard '' in italian . but i ca n't see that being the case . 
definitely-it folds nicely with very little bunching in the fold . folds back to flat . still very happy with this purchase a year later . 
its a good size i bought it for my girlfriend who is 5'7 and she fits under it fine and loves it 
not real thick , not like a quilt . more like the thickness of a sweat shirt . 
thanks for your question , as this item is fulfilled by amazon , one- and two-day shipping options are available . to see the available shipping options , simply add this item to your cart . on the shipping page you will see the available shipping times to choose from . once you have provided all the necessary information you will be able to view the estimated delivery dates for your order . if you are unhappy with the estimated delivery date , you do not need to place your order- simply remove the item from your cart . i hope this helps ! 
yes we accept returns . 
50 '' x 60 '' 
i have washed mine and dried in the dryer a couple of times and it still looks as good as it did the day i got it . 
it is open front and back . no doors . 
hello jon . this cabinet require assembly which takes about 30min . its really very nice looking modern cabinet for attractive price . regards , pavel 
12 '' 
sorry-no 
no glass front open shelves 
no noticeable smell . 
i do n't think so , it looked too thick . my beds have wooden frames but i do n't know about regular steel frames . to me the foldable bed looks too thick to fit under any bed . 
it 's a confortable twin size 
i have a honda crv and this bed fits in there no problem . 
it depends on how tall your mom is . i think it will be ok . 
you do n't want this its smaller than it looks , its ok for a small child but not for an adult . i waist my money on this deal i cant use it 
i would estimate about 35 pounds . i was able to load it into my van by myself . also , i am very satisfied with the bed . 
nope . just put the mattress on the frame and add sheets and pillows . note that this is not a great hotel bed but we have had no complaints . 
listed as 250 lbs which is why i bought it since i weigh 225 lbs . 
probably not 
no you do not ... that is a separate piece that you fold and insert if you want to . 
yes , they are quite cute and sanitary 
i can hold a standard cupcake with a little extra space . do n't know diameter specs . sorry . 
yes it does 
i ordered this product for a preschool birthday party and it was wonderful ! a standard cupcake fit nicely and the `` extra '' frosting and toppings the children applied was accommodated by the wide box . 
you put one piece of your rolled dough on the maker , then put your filling in , cover it with another piece of douhg and roll the top with rolling pin . easy and fast : ) ) 
plastic 
it 's a hard plastic 
you take the black screw out of the bottom , remove the pieces , fill , replace pieces & screw back together . you will have to reset how fine you want it grinded though . it works like a typical salt or pepper grinder , it just looks like an owl . 
i had my granddauter do it i think onscrue the bottom white nob and put in the salt it takes awhile 
http : www.beyondthekitchensink.com 2012 09 24 boston-warehouse-animal-house-owl-salt-grinder this link shows you how ! 
yes 
silver foil is removed , white paper is left on since it is breathable . put lid back on 
no 
i simply spill the water collected and throw away the container in the trash but if it is labeled for recycling then into the recycle trash it goes . 
since it is chemical base , i would not put it in a closed refrigerator with or without food 
my son uses this all the time brewing hot tea . yes it take hot water 
yes ! i boil water in it in the microwave ! the double wall glass keeps liguid hot ! 
i tumbler with three components . 
i have not tried to put the double glass base into the microwave . i boil water using the microwave or use the hot water cooler at my job . if you do try it , remember to take out the metal strainer . 
the circumference is approximately 4 inches . strainer is removable so you can clean it properly . 
solid 
haney , i would say that depends on what your referring to as a brew basket . if you are referring to the removable rigid plastic housing that supports a paper filter , then yes . but , if your referring to a rigid , removable , and permanent filter , then no . i , along with deanna , use the cuisinart gtf and it indeed works very well . 
the 49467 i purchased is great .very satisfied 
yes - just open it past vertical and lift gently - first one side , then the other . 
i have not had any dribbles with this newer style pot , but i raise the lid just a bit when i pour . it pours very well for me and i have weak wrists and grip due to carpal tunnel problems and surgery . 
once a month or so i pour a mix of water and white vinegar into the coffee maker and brew a cycle . then brew a cycle with clean water . 
no 
no , filter basket is plastic and drops into place in the top of the machine . 
yes it does work in this brewer . i have that exact brewer and when you remove the k-cup holder in the brewer , the my k-cup sits perfectly . the only thing i have found is that the water does not always directly come out of the spout . it all makes it into the cup , but it can get a little messy sometimes . 
buy the red blue ones instead of this one . to use this one you 'll have to remove the keurig cup and insert this one in . it 's inconvenient . buy the red or blue one that looks like the basket insert of this one but it has a cover . that works very well because it 's exactly the same size of the k-cup . you can just put your coffee in that basket close the basket lid and put it in the machine as you normally put the k cup in . it 's a lot more convenient to use than this one . 
it will fit . i purchased this for a mr. coffee but do not use it . i may have overfilled the cup , but the coffee went everywhere when it started brewing . i was cleaning coffee from every crook and crany for days . 
i have a b60 and this reusable system works well for me . use a medium-fine grind , however . the typical coffee grind is too course and the resultant coffee will be weak . with the medium-fine grind , the cup of coffee is strong , with just a bit of coffee silt at the bottom of the cup . 
no and yes it is made cheap so the filter part tore 1st time i washed 
i 'm not sure about the model number . i 'm pretty sure it would work with most k cup machines . 
good machine , works great 
16x11.5 
i just washed mine with a brush and hot water running into the sink . 
no ... . hand wash or dishwasher 
as long as it is supported by a sheet pan it should work but it has never been tested to do that 
deanna ... . i have never used it in a microwave , but mine seems a bit large for a microwave with a turntable . 
i do n't see why not . i do n't have a convection but i 've used it in my regular oven . 
not difficult to clean wash in hot soapy water or in dishwasher 
i received instructions and really like the pyramid pan 
approximately 10 inches 
as long as the hose has a round metal end to fit into this it should . 
i do n't know for sure , but i would n't think so . 
no . both were `` factory fresh '' and gave us no smell at all . 
no..according to the attached tag it is made by carpenter co in russellville . ky 
hi marilyn , this pillow is designed for great sleep on your back or side . the memory foam forms comfortably to your sleep position . 
this bottle cup holder is approximately 13 1 2 inches high and 9 12 inches wide . i am very happy with it . 
i do n't think so ... . 
if not too tall . i use to hang mugs on the hooks . 
i 'm not at home to measure them but my guess is they 're about 3.5 inches . i have coffee mugs on mine and i can easily get 8 or so on it by staggering them on the prongs and tiers . 
i 'll check it out when i get home tonight or tomorrow . i use mine to hold all my coffee mugs . i 'd imagine it would do great with wine glasses . it is really good about not tipping over even if you 've emptied one side . 
yes i believe it can be used outside ... i use it inside to hold my coffee cups 
100mm refers to the height . this cylinder is 2 '' in diameter by 100 mm high . you can use a taller or shorter cylinder if you need more or less height in your chair but the diameter must be correct . i believe that 100 in this particular cylinder refers to both the length of the cylinder and the distance of travel . 4 '' is approximately 100mm . 
use a pipe wrench to twist the cylinder off . 
i am not sure of how much it supports , sorry . 
i dried mine in the dryer on low heat , it came out just fine . 
it 's actually more of a dark brown . the plaid pattern in the small squares also has green . there 's no black or navy in it . 
dust ruffle quilt 3 pillow shams 
it is more ivory cream , not pure white 
thanks for your question ! as on january 12 , 2014 we do n't have matching curtains available on the site . i have done a quick search of our catalog and the closest thing i found was a matching valance . if you 're interested you can view it here : www.amazon.com dp b001qc3ucg you might also like to browse the 'customers who bought this item also bought ' section of the detail page for similar items . i hope you find something suitable ! 
it comes in 2 pieces . the back simply slides into the grooves to fully assemble . no tools necessary . 
the measurements i gave on my review were fully assembled measurements . if you look at this sofa and imagine it without the whole back cushion area as well as the arm cushions then that is all you will need to worry about . this sofa comes packed in a box no bigger than the bottom section of the sofa . the back of the sofa as well as the arm cushions are packaged into and under the bottom section of the sofa . the box was prob . 24 '' x31 '' x75 '' but that is a guess . the total height of this assembled was only 36 '' . you should be able to leave it in the box and get it through your door with no issue . for my needs and family size this was just to small but it appeared as if it would last longer than the one i got from ashley furniture which pealed apart . the bicast vinyl on this looks like it is made well . this sofa also measured smaller in person than what the description stated when i purchased it . the back is almost a 90 deg angle and no slouching lol . the back problem could be fixed at the factory by simply angling the braces that hold the back in place but i dont think they want that since it would have to be able to support more weight at an angle which it does not need to straight up like it is . 
the sides and back are solid ... .the problem i am having in less than 2 years is the support under the cushions you sit on . they have started sagging inward and the only support you get is by moving partially on one of the cross beams . now when you lie down on the couch , you can feel the cross beams as they 're you 're only real support . but it was cheap and it does a good job in repelling any attempts to stain it by my four year old . 
no . they are attached without any zipper 
bpa free plastic with metal bottom and cap . the metal bottom is wrapped around the plastic bottle . 
this unit will not work with 430l co2 
i bought this as a gift for my daughter whose family likes it a lot . so i do n't have first hand experience . you might try contacting the manufacturer . or try a retail store which sells sodastream . 
yuca , i think , has the same dense ness as a potato . it should grate it perfectly . a plantain my be too soft ? unless you grate it before it gets ripe ? 
it is marked as 120v . there is no toggle switch as on for example a hair dryer . 
you mean the best grater ? that depends on what you 're making . hash browns - use the same greater you use for carrots . for chips , use the same greater you would use for cucumber slices . 
yes . i had no problem plugging it in and using it . 
yes , buttons 
the design is printed but it is not the same color shown in the picture . i was looking for blue and it is more of a sea green . good luck : o ) 
no there are two king shams and 1 duvet cover . 
no dust ruffle included . 
no . thus set includes one duvet cover and two king shams . 
solid blue . the pattern is center on the length with paisley at top and bottom and smaller pattern in middle . 
it has buttons at the end where the comforter goes in , but no other ties . it does not slide much for me . i shake it out once a week and it resettles inside the duvet . 
ours did 
we 've ran ours on our hard wood floors with no issues 
yes it does 
i have a small breed dog and i feel the vac does a great job picking up pet hair and dander . 
no 
yes , when you release the long wand there is a separate brush accessory and an angled tube that both fit on the end of the wand . they store on the machine . 
yes 
the warranty is through dyson . 
ours has a mostly gray handle and ball with a reddish stripe , but the basket part has some gold on it . i do n't recall what the color was on the photo when we bought it . 
i find the cover a little scratchy , but is manufactured with high quality material . the dimensions do n't fit my comforter very well , but my comforter is rather old . all in all , i like the duvet cover because of the quality . 
hi , thanks for your question . i 've checked the manufacturer 's website which states that all oversized king comforters are 114 '' x 96 '' in size . i hope this helps ! 
its adjustable . this sectional can fit 6 people only . initially by seeing the pictures i thought it will fit 12 
good morning it will take 7-10 business days for this sofa to reach your nj location . also , please note that only 1 unit remains in stock until our restock arrives in 4 weeks . please let us know if we may further assist . thank you 
hello the coffee table seen within the image is $ 500 , but please note that it is not in stock . please let us know if we may further assist . thank you 
hello again jude amazon deleted my prior response since i placed a link to our site within the reply so i am rewriting the message now . please review the amazon webpage of the sofa you are interested in and please note there is a dimensional diagram right beneath the sofa picture . please let me know if this was unclear or please let me know if you prefer a phone call or email since i can not attach the dimensional drawing to this email . thank you very much 
hello yes , this sectional is a 4-piece sofa . the lounger , the 2 loveseats and the corner unit can all be separated and used apart if you ever need to . please note the side table , which is also included , is also separable . i can send you pictures of the interior , but there is no way to attach a picture to these emails . please let us know if we may further assist . henry gonzalez 786.273.5128 
costco and home 's good are the main carrier . 
i am not sure . i have never done this . i have never had any lint problem with them from any type clothing , but have never gotten them wet . i have three full closets of them ( 5 boxes ) and love the way they look . they are sturdy enough for blazers . sorry to not be more help . 
one bi-fold door ( you need to buy 2 to get what you see in the picture ) 
good afternoon , we do not have any other sizes then what we have listed , sorry about that . 
good morning , yes we do have a few different styles of bi-folds , pleases check our page for all of the items that we carry ! 
yes on the bottom 
yes , it is washable - machine wash , cold , gentle cycle . line dry . i have n't washed it yet though so do n't know how it will do , but the tag says it is washable . 
in my opinion , no 
the reverse side is white . i love that it does n't slide off the bed in the night . i am more than pleased with this comforter . it 's lightweight yet warm . 
amazon has the blue version 
hello - thank you for your order in designer living . i 'm sorry , but this comforter is not available in full size . thank you , designer living customer service 1-888-879-8790 
hello- thank you for your interest in designer living ! unfortunately , we do not have the valances available for this particular comforter set , madison park dawn . we do however , sell valances on our designer living site at www.designerliving.com . sincerely , helita designer living customer service 1-888-879-8790 www.designerliving.com 
hello - thank you for your interest in designer living . please see care instructions below : machine wash cold , gentle cycle , and separately . do not bleach . tumble dry low , remove promptly . do not iron . if there is no free movement in the washer or dryer , use large capacity commercial washer dryer . thank you , krystal designer living customer service rep 1-888-879-8790 
yes , you take off the `` lens cap '' to drink out of it . 
id say about 12-14 oz . 
put it in there once but silver paint started coming off so i 'm gon na say not a good idea . 
no it does not . i purchased it at walgreen 's i believe . 
i use it to toast meringue or marshmallow topping on pies and cupcakes . 
definitely . any butane canister should work properly 
this happens when it is over-filled . be cautious when filling and only fill it to the indicated level , and it will return to normal . happened to me too . 
there is indeed a safety switch , below the button , that needs to be pushed down in order for it to light . in my experience with it , the safety switch has never posed a problem and it is easy to switch down with one finger . so yes it does have a safety switch , but no it 's never been a nuisance for me . 
cant really give an exact to temp but it 's perfect for creme brulee 's . i 've done a number of batches since buying this and never a problem . 
heavy duty melamine - thicker plastic . green , red , yellow and orange . dinner plates have a raised lattice effect . luncheon plates have embossed flower effect . inside each bowl is a smooth flower . 
yes they are in the dishwasher almost everyday ! they are still as bright and pretty as the 1st day i used them ! very pleased very happy i purchased they- they make me smile when i use them ! know that sounds dumb but sometimes it 's the little things that bring you pleasure and the fact that these do everything i wanted and look good and easy care works for me ! the large plates are really large we mostly use the smaller plates . 
no they are not safe for the microwave-it says so on each dish and the box . they are ok to put in the dish washer though i hand wash mine because i think it 'll make them last longer . these are n't glass . they are some type of plastic material . 
on dinnerware box it states : `` not recommended for use in microwave oven . '' 
yes , rice will fall through the mesh . it 's about 1 8 inch square . you should use the organic cotton muslin bags for grains like rice . 
yes . they are cloth and washable . 
they are made in india . 
these bags are light weight but heavy duty . love mine . even bought some for friends . 
germany 
i do n't know why you could n't , it is the same thing as keeping tea leaves in . i suppose you brew it like tea until it is as dark as you want it . 
the package says : raw material : manilla hemp and hot seal fibres . they are made in germany . 
terri , yes they do . my contents have stayed dry and fresh . there is a slight suction sound when the lid is pulled off . i really like mine . take care . 
yes , measuring cups can fit in the openings . 
i do n't know the exact dimensions - look at what they post . the largest holds almost a 5 lb bag of flour . the middle is good sized and so is the small . 
i have a queen size warmer on my queen size bed . yes , it slips away from the edge of the bed , but i do n't lay at the edge . i just pull it back in place the next morning . 
i do n't think it is . i would only want to spot clean . i do air it out outside . there are coils run all through it . i have only good things to say about this product . it allows me to turn my thermostat way down at night . i ca n't wait to crawl into my nice warm bed at night . 
we certainly do ! we ship to all parts of canada for a flat rate of $ 49.99 . this shipping rate does not include customs fees when the product crosses the border . 
i 'm sorry , they were a christmas present for my daughter and she has thrown the packaging away . 
yes . i put them on the top rack in a dishwasher basket and they come out great . but they are also super easy to wash by hand as well . hope this helps . : ) 
yes , i read the packaging very carefully . i love these for muffins and cupcakes . 
hi , they 're 2 3 4 in diameter and 1 1 4 in deep . those are the interior measurements . it 's the size of a normal cupcake . hope it helps ! 
we recommend no higher than 500 degrees fahrenheit . 
i am not 100 % i think it should . i 've only used them on 1gal jugs . 
i use carlo rossi jugs and these are actually a bit too large ; i have to shave them a bit so they do n't pop out . you could either go with a # 7 and shave it down or fit one at a local big box hardware store . 
it is a rubber stopper with a hole through the center . as long as the lid you are using has a hole that the stopper can fit into without going all the way through i would imagine it would work . 
it is 1 1 4 '' and is an exact match to a decorative soap dispenser we received as a gift purchased as part of a set from bed bath and beyond 
i 'm not sure what the difference is between a longaberger soap container and other types . but it does fit most standard soap containers fine . 
i do n't know if it is compatible but what i thought was a great pump is not so great . having had 4 of these pumps for awhile now they are all exhibiting the same problem . the bottom part of the cap that screws into your pump rusts from the water from your hands . the tops of my beige soap dispensers continually have rust marks . i 've spent too much $ on dispensers and new pumps and i 'm going back to the plastic disposables . 
yes you can , but to get the maximum benefit you should sleep directly on he earthing sheet . 
yes 
i know nothing about a magnetic mattress pad at all . . the earthling sheet has a very subtle effect so it would probable be hard to determine the result if you tried it out good luck adw 
i am not certain what sort of field an electric mattress pad creates , but it may not give you the results you desire to ground if being surrounded by an electric mattress pad . here is a link to their faqs : http : www.earthing.com searchresults.asp ? cat=1835 # d14 scroll to the part about using a laptop -- i 'm guessing a mattress pad does n't generate that much compared to a laptop , but if successful grounding and reducing your exposure to electrical fields is your goal , using a heating pad might not be helpful . 
almost all modern wall outlets are grounded . the sheet connects via a cable to the outlet . 
yes . but it has special washing instructions on the sheet . 
absolutely you can use the cup without the lid . it is like a starbucks cup lid , but made from silicone . 
i do n't remember . i left it at work after it leaked all over my hand on the way to work . just walking to the train it was spilling out the sides as the lid would n't fit on snuggly . 
no , that is a good product 
reversible l r chaise:84 '' x 36 '' x 37 '' h 3-seat sofa : 82 '' x 36 '' x 37 '' h ottoman : 36 '' x 26 '' x 20 '' h 
this couch does not include an ottoman . 
big 
i do n't know . a word of caution : mine arrived poorly packaged in a cardboard sleeve `` secured '' with zip ties . it was soiled and broken , but not work the expense of sending it back . i threw it out . 
57inches height34inches length 14inches wide 
yes it cover the bottom of the bed as well . just an fyi it is n't very soft bc it is synthetic so i recommend really good sheets 
yes 
not sure i understand the question . as i read it the answer was in the listing . `` product dimensions:24.5 x 19.5 x 11.5 inches ; 8 pounds . shipping weight:9.8 pounds '' 
no sheets and it is of bad quality 
yes and will look fabulous , i 'm very pleased with this purchase . 
i bought this in queen and was very pleased with it , i think i saw it advertised in full . 
3.5 x 10 x 13 inches . 10 inches is the total height , including the handle . the height for storage is about 6.5 inches . 
yes it has a very sturdy zipper to close . 
yes 
no way ... maybe 1.5 ... hope this helps ! 
yes it can . good stuff 
hey j , because of the inner material used it is difficult to fold or make smaller . 
not sure if an entire lunchbox will fit , at least two maybe even three rubbermaid containers all at once will fit inside . 
no idea , i 'd guess america 
no 
hello kimberly ! thank you for your interest in this south shore libra full headboard . this product can be attached to a standard full metal bed frame , like the one mentioned in your question . for additional information , feel free to contact our customer service at 1-800-290-0465 or visit our website at www.southshore.ca : ) 
if headboard is secured to bed frame with with 4 heavy bolts , it can possibly hold in place . 
it 's has quite a few at least thirty they go tired of the straight across all the way from the top to the bottom and require the up must precision and patience to put then in because they can be wow difficult to place into the pieces they have given 
dark brown . we enjoy it . we opted not to have a box spring so it does sit low to the ground because of that . 
? 
the king is much wider an more spacious by several inches an as long as you are n't over six feet tall then the king is perfect for you but the california king is much longer than the regular king but not as wide so basically california king is long an regular king is wide 
they fit all small mouth mason jars ! 
my husband is a chemist . he said tin . not pewter . 
yes , the flower pattern is all holes 
no , these are for regular mouth jars . 
no 
yes they actually look better stored under the table . this is the way we leave ours . 
if you have experience with painting tile or plastic surfaces you probably could . would need to sand it , and use some kind of enamel paint or something . it 's quite a nice look though to be honest . it 's has good definition in the pattern unlike a cheap faux-marble . 
yes 
250 # are very safe . you need to build ( screw ) them together solidly . we like ours . 
it 's cheap junk . do n't buy it . comes damaged every time . 
yes 
for the 7mins i had it out the box , as far as i remember it was dark brown ! i opened the box started to put it together , the wood was shabby and uneven . i put it right back in the box sent it back to the seller . good luck if you purchase ! 
have you received your chairs yet ? i ordered mine 4 weeks ago - and they showed in stock - but still no chairs and now amazon is saying they 're out of stock . getting the run around big time from amazon about these . very frustrated ! ! ! 
the seat height is 17.5 inches . we love these chairs and are about to order another set . 
i ordered four of these chairs from amazon.com llc for a total of $ 96.76 on october 9 , 2013. after waiting 3 months , i was contacted via email from amazon to see if is anted to cancel or continue waiting . for that price - i was willing to wait a year ! i was skeptical given the price for all four but several other commenters verified that they had reviewed the order as well or were still waiting . in december i contacted amazon myself - first via chat and then via phone - to ask if these chairs were correctly priced and would indeed ship . i was assured that they were all four for that price and that they would be shipped but could not be told when . i was okay with that . i then specifically asked if amazon was going to cancel this order -- because the price had since tripled on the item . i was assured that would n't happen . in january , i received an email that this order was canceled . when i called amazon.com to discuss this - i was told by a manager named yumiko c. that there was noting they could so and that she was sorry i was misinformed . and that i could reorder the item now- at $ 385 ! ! ! ! this entire order went from `` seems to good to be true '' - to being assured that it was legit - to feeling scammed . very disappointed in this experience from start to finish . 
commercial ? i 'm not sure ... it works well in our dining room ... probably would be nice in our business office too ... 
i use 1 2 and 1 2 and heavy cream just because our family likes a really rich ice cream . i would n't expect the same product using less fat content milk . just try it and see what your family likes . 
120 volts 50 watts . 
you have to freeze the bowl solid before you can make ice cream in it . 
since there is no lid for it i would not recommend doing that . you could i just would not do that myself . 
yes . the same way you make ice cream but with different ingredient 's 
my mattress is 13 '' and there is quite a lot of room left but i think 18 '' might be too much to try to cover . i would guess 16 '' might be the limit . 
they ought to . i love the very deep and stretchable pockets in my sets of these sheets ! 
yes 
not very well . one of the elastic holders broke after two washings . do n't waste your money . 
i 've only had them for a couple of weeks so i ca n't say about longevity . they seem durable . i ordered another set of sheets at the same time that were a different brand and they were soooo thin ... i could see thru them . 
yes , we use it for crusty bread as well as soft sandwich loaves and it is really awesome for both . better than my expensive wedding gift knives 
i 'm sorry , i am not able to tell , given the nature of the design . if it is , it is fully covered . in my expensive chef knives i always buy full tang . however , at this price i was n't concerned . i love the knife so much i own two and have given several as gifts . both of mine are used daily , sometimes on difficult-to-penetrate foods . they have held up to everything , have maintained their sharpness , and look brand new . 
zyliss is a swiss company . i believe all their products are manufactured there . 
110 
hi jorge , i 'm not positive but i think it is stainless steal . ten manual does n't break down piece by piece the materials but on the front cover it does say stainless steal . i hope this helps . joanne 
return it and get your money back complete defects 
it is metal however frees is not going to stick to it . i just know from working in a deli and using the fryers . i hope this helps . best regards , joanne 
yes they are of the mentioned size , but not framed.. they just wrapped it in a small tube and mailed it to us . 
yes , and i love it . i had many compliments on it . i love it 
hi , it is 70 usd extra for framed painting . best regards , linnshop 
i am not sure . possibly italy . i will let you know that it is the best pan that i have ever used . i have an electric stove which i hate but when i use these pans the stove works better . cheaper to buy a couple of pans than a gas stove . 
the one i bought is 12 '' 
most certainly , if not from amazon then from company , tramontina . the gourmet is a very good pan.my wife wanted those for christmas and she loves them . 
these things are soooo small you could probably stack 10 ! each slot will probably only hold 5-6 cds . when i ordered this i thought it was much bigger . if you 're looking for something that will hold more than something the size of a cd , this is not for you . 
it is roughly 2 feet long , 1 1 2 feet high , and6 inches deep.neach square is roughly 8*8. we hung it on the wall above our daughters desk . 
i originally brought it for that purpose and found that it was a little too small to hold novels . 
tiny -- i stacked it on top of 36 '' organizer . each slot holds one pair of shoes . 
what is the exact measurement of each cube ? i do n't want to know what it 's perfect for or something vague like `` it 's a mini one '' i need to know what size drawers to get for this and vague answers does n't help at all thanks . 
hi yes this item is available in the uk . 
these are meant for shots ... but if you want people to only taste a little of the beer then they would work . i use them for mini beer shots and that is not beer it 's licor 43 and whipping cream 
2 ounces 
2 inches high ; 5 inches wide 
i think these held about 1 cup . or 8oz . not positive but they were comparable to my pyrex containers that hold 1 cup . 
no 
i stack them with the lids on . i would n't stack them with the lids off as they could get stuck . 
answer here ... i am still waiting for working glass and bowl lids to become available again -- no one in the company seems to know . i check back once a month . i will be wise enough to stock up next time ! ! 
16 oz . 
yes ! i freeze food in them and then put them in the sink with cool water running and it thaws nicely , and the water does n't get inside . 
yes absolutely . we have an induction stove and both the 10 '' and 12 '' work just fine . 
additional handle on opposite side from main handle . 
no i bought a set and the lid for the pot fit on it . great set 
it doesnotomewithalid . you 'll need to purchase one separately . i had 2 already so it was n't necessary to purchase but here is an example , http : www.amazon.com calphalon-contemporary-inch-glass-cover dp b001fae4e2 ref=sr_1_2 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1422456321 & sr=1-2 & keywords=12inch+glass+lid & pebp=1422456348220 & peasin=b001fae4e2 . this one looks to tight fitting . 
lol , depends . this is not a non-stick pan , and probably not the best option for cooking eggs . if you want to cook eggs you will need to use a good amount of butter or oil and use the appropriate amount of heat and timing . you can look up youtube videos on how to cook eggs on something like stainless steel or cast iron , but ultimately , it 's really not ideal for that task . look for a non-stick pan for eggs in most applications . on the other hand , if you 're trying to sear some proteins , like steak , chicken , or even fish , this thing kicks butt . but again , technique is required for using stainless . 
it can be used in the oven . temperature not sure but would guess up to 500 degrees . 
thanks for posting your question , according to the suppliers page , the dimensions are 31.13 ( l ) x 17.5 ( w ) x 13.88 ( h ) . i hope this was helpful ! 
it easily allows you to use a padlock , but does not come with one . 
yes . 2 in the rear 
it does feel slightly heavy when held . does n't feel or look like plastic . 
they were a gift , so i never viewed them in person , as i had them delivered directly to recipient . 
no , it 's made in china . 
a few got spots on them after the very first wash. but the rest of them are fine and i 've been washing them for months . so it 's hit or miss . 
yes . these are n't flimsy in any way . 
far too light for practical use . i actually pulled mine out of the drawer and gave them to my granddaughter to make wind chimes and play with in her tea sets . 
i do n't recall . i can attest to the fact that they are great quality silverware ! they are a nice thickness and weight , and they do well as everyday silverware . hope this helps ! 
i put them in the microwave with no problems . i 've even put them on the lower rack of the dishwasher . they are n't the highest quality plastic but they certainly hold up . 
in between , more like the rubbermaid plastic food containers you can buy at the grocery store . i bought them for my toddler to play with in the kitchen , and they are perfect . but they are also a great size and so bright and fun . i would definitely use them myself for actual cooking , once he outgrows them as play toys ! : - ) 
yes . but i would hand wash them -- they will `` float '' around in your dishwasher because they are so light . 
yes , the shipping is discreet . kind regards bill 
fake but it 's really soft and fluffy 
no , mine was not silicone . i 'm not a toy expert , but it feels more like a hard rubber . 
no , the tail ca n't be pulled out without damaging the tail . 
it is grey with white end 
i measured the max diameter at 1.55 inches . 
fake 
the main color is black , along with some shades of brown and red . 
i have it with a liner behind it so i do n't know if it is watershed or not . i never take changes on these types of items 
`` faith , hope , love '' and `` simplify '' . this shower curtain is beautiful - much prettier than the picture . it has a lot of green tones in it and i was really happy when it arrived and i saw it in person . i think it was a really good bargain . 
maybe shutters made from old barn wood 
this curtain is very patriotic and country . great quality ! ! 
it is cloth . does not look or feel like anything but cloth . very nice curtain . i love it . 
only curtain i 've seen is the real short ruffle . like its 12 inches long and plaid . i suggest finding a matching solid color for your curtain . 
no i do not have them . 
sure - this thing will accept a typical cone shaped paper filter . 
15 to 20 minutes . returned ours because it wound up boiling the coffee . 
i have compared mine to the picture of the dcc-2600 and it seems to have all of the same features . 
if it does n't , sign up for myapobox.com that 's what i do for items that do n't ship to apo . 
yes , this product comes with 10 year limited warranty . this can be found at http : www.dreamfoambedding.com warranty.php i use this mattress pad in my camper and am very happy with it so far . performs as advertised . have experienced some shedding of the gel beads from the surface during the first couple of uses but almost nothing after that . very comfortable to sleep on . almost as good as our somma waterbed . not too hot even in humid weather and warm in cool weather . have n't used it yet in really cold weather but do not anticipate any issues . 
while i ca n't speak to this product , i 've bought sleep innovations foam from amazon a few times before and that does not hold true . so i would n't worry : ) 
we actually ordered ours in `` short queen '' size , and it fits the bed perfectly 
i had a queen size 
no , do not cook on high.the instructions say , use on medium flame..it is not healthy for the food you eat , to cook on a higher flame.. i bought this for my grandson , and it did not last long , as he cooks on a higher flame then i do , although not on high.. do not stack this cookware on top of each other , that will take the coating of . once its off , your cooking on aluminum , not healthy at all , then you can throw this out . i do have these pans . mine has lasted me a few months and still look like new . cause i do n't use a high flame , i do n't put any cookware in the dishwasher , and i do n't use medal utensils . even though it says you can . do n't . it says before using this cookware , you have to prime it first . use alittle healthy oil . i use coconut oil . every time i use these i use organic coconut oil . these pans are make in china , the box is made in the usa..a bit tricky i would say ... enjoy.. 
yes , the small saucepan and skillet fit the small lid and the other sauce pan and larger skillet fit the same medium lid . 
no . china . i wish it was made here in the us . 
an 8 '' & 10 '' fry pan . 8 '' saucepan ( 3 qt . ) . 9 1 2 '' stock pot dutch oven ( 5 qt . ) . 10 1 4 '' deep fry pan skillet ( 3.5 qt . ) the measurements are my interior measurements and the quart capacities are what they list . 
when i did a review for another wearever item , the `` engineered in the usa '' thing was n't clear , so i called wearever . customer service told me none of their products are made in the us . 
hello irene , i ca n't speak from a professional nor scientific standpoint , but personally i do n't care for the way that teflon coatings peel and flake-off over time ... so i made the switch to ceramic and love it ! i no longer have to worry about my cookware losing its 'nonstick ' appeal rapidly . 
according to wearever , just the first time of use . washing it in a mild detergent with a soft sponge shall also keep the ceramic in excellent shape . do n't ever try cooking anything on high heat as for many foods , you do n't need it . the bottom of this cookwear is the only problem as it changes color from use as it is harder to clean with the groves in the bottom of the pans . you will see a `` brown '' color appear after some useage on an electric stove . 
no , i would not use metal in them , although i do think they are more durable than teflon . sharp metal can chip the surface . 
no it can not 
no . it just comes with the siphon and some tubing 
it does n't filter , other then the small cap on the bottom of the siphon that keeps the tube off the bottom of the carboy . any suspended sediment will go through the tube . i start high in carboy and slowly lower the suction tube as the level drops . works very well . 
the tubes are actually plastic . the outer tube is 23 inches or 58.4 cm . the inner racking cane is 22 inches or 55.8 cm . plenty of length for both my 5 gallon plastic bucket and my 5 gallon glass carboy . 
not sure ... that would depend on the dimensions of your carboy and the style width of the neck . my gut tells me that it would not work well for that , but , again , i 'm not sure . i use a 5 gallon glass carboy . 
you should be able to . the siphoning part has a pretty low profile . the question would be how small your opening is i suppose . 
i never received this ... 
i believe its an odd size but they do have frames for it , 24x30 
use royal icing colored with gel paste food colors ( not liquid or oil based ) - you can buy the colors in craft stores like michaels . it only takes a small amount to get very bright and vivid colors . as the icing dries the color will deepen . if you are really ambitious you could use candy like `` wilton candy melts '' ( also found in craft stores ) . they come in many different colors or you can buy white and use oil based candy coloring to custom make the colors you want . i say `` ambitious '' because you have to keep the candy melted but be careful not to overheat it or it will seize . trust me , there is a bit of a learning curve when using them ! you could use colored buttercream icing as well but then you would n't be able to stack them ( without messing up your hard work ) if you need to make a bunch and have to travel with them . if you do n't need to stack them , that is what i would use - it would be the easiest ! royal icing and candy melts will harden so you can stack the cookies if need be . oh , and to make royal icing ( if you 're unfamiliar with it ) , you can find meringue powder at the same craft store and the recipe is on a paper that comes with the container . you can make royal icing with raw egg whites but it is n't really recommended . i hope this answers your question ! 
mine was a set of four . four total pieces . 
well never dealing with resin these cutters are a bit unusual as they have the shape cutout underneath and the top is a stamp . i.e . you cutout the shape , put on the cookie sheet and reverse ( upside down ) the cutter and stamp the design i hope this helps as they are adorable . 
in my opinion , i would say `` yes '' as long as there was some sort of base to the mattress so as not to sag in between the metal supports . 
yes , i actually have a full bed and it works perfectly . 
from floor to bottom of frame , i got 6 3 4 '' . i hope that was the answer u were looking for ? 
the bottom edge of the frame is about 7 1 2 inches from the floor . it is a nice frame for the price ! 
the wool will tend to wick moisture keeping the mattress clean and dry , however if moisture is able to stay in the mattress pad for an extended period of time , it will eventually work its way through to the mattress . this can be used in conjunction with our waterproof mattress protector for maximum mattress protection and comfort . 
it 's a regular mattress pad that tucks under the corners . 
the bottom is 6 1 2 '' wide , top 4 '' wide , 9 1 2 '' tall without knives , 14 '' with . i love these knives . though i 've cut myself a few times . they are really sharp . i liked them so much , i bought the matching utensils with the matching hanging holder . hope this helps ... ... ... ... ... 
it might be ok to put them in a dishwasher , i do n't think the colors would wear off , but to sustain the longevity of knives in general it is best to hand wash and dry immediately . 
no idea , sorry not being able to help 
it did n't say but mine go through the dishwasher just fine . 
10 oz is to the very top 
3 1 2 taper to 3 1 4 
i still have mine in the box . no mention of either on the box or on the individual sticker on the glass . both only says marquis waterford . 
55 '' 
88.2 lbs ... it 's been a while since i received this . please rethink before ordering ... due to the weight and size of box ... they ship the complete stand in one box ... .the top of the stand arrived damaged , chipped , and broken ... . i had to wait 3 months before a replacement was sent from factory ! ! ! but i will admit it was well worth the wait : ) 
19 and 5 8 inches wide . 15 and 1 8 inches deep . heavy duty , well designed , glass like- highly polished surface . worth the buck . 
14x14x6 high 
sure it will and with room to spare . 
yes - that 's what we have it on . 
absolutely yes 
it has a smooth finish , it 's easy to wash . 
it is made in china and distributed by protect-a-bed usa in wheeling , il . 
honestly the density is like one of those large sponges you use to wash your car . i do n't know if that sounds good to you but it is really very comfortable . it is dense enough that even someone in the 180 lb range would not feel the mattress underneath it . i think it adds a great level of cushy comfort to an existing mattress . 
no ! i have mine right under my fitted sheet . works great ! 
not exactly sure how to answer this question , but the one i purchased was specifically for a sofa sleeper . it pretty much fit perfectly ( slightly larger ) . i believe it would be short on a full size bed . 
possibly ... it really depends on the person 's sleeping preferences . for the sofa sleeper , this provides a soft , but pliable feel - really taking away the feeling of the springs and crossbar design of the sofa sleeper . 
unfortunately it does not , i believe the 3 inch one does . 
yes . i have an x-tra firm mattress that i could n't sleep on and this improved it soooo much ... . 
i really do n't know . how well it sleeps on its own because i bought it to `` soften '' up a very firm mattress . but i do think you could roll it up and take it on a camping trip . when it is delivered , it is compressed down for shipping . once it is opened and expands to size it should be easy to roll , just might be bulkier at full size ... . 
both , blessedly . and you can also set alarms for each ! a truly excellent system . 
they are about 3 feet long , which is plenty for my situation . however if you find they are not long enough they do make some that are 6 feet i believe . bad part is you ca n't get those in the package from the beginning . its something you would have to buy extra . i just put a little cheap table next to my smoker and that works great . 
yes it will 
http : www.amazon.com gp product b00684zynk ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00 ? ie=utf8 & psc=1 these are 6 footers ... .that can work in both the oven , grill and smoker ! 
the cord is for the probe that goes into the meat . its wireless in that the 2nd unit allows you to be far away from the probe unit . 
it was red , , normally they are white . 
very small phillips head screwdriver 
box says made in china . 
i would just get a regular mattress pad , unless the person sleeping has severe allergies or another reason to need a waterproof mattress pad . 
im really not sure but there is a lot of room to stretch it might come up in the middle but if someone is lying down should be no problem it tucks far under hope this might help 
i am not sure . a twin bed is 39 inches wide . a youth bed is 33 inches wide . make sure you have measured correctly . 
i do not use on the mattress , i cut the pad loose from the side stuff , place it long way across the bottom of a queen bed so it keeps our feet and legs very warm . we roll it up and take on trips when we travel . we really like it the way we use the electric mattress pad . great buy for the money . s hudson brant 
no you do n't even know it is there . it is great . 
yes 
it is pretty close , more of a red tint , than a golden tint ... if that makes sense . we like ours a lot . 
i weigh 280 and have no problems with them . however i did use a high quality glue when i assembled them . 
i believe the stool could be ordered in two sizes - 24 '' & 29 '' . we bought the stools for our cabin and are very well satisfied with them . would highly recommend them to anyone . 
no markings 
hello , thanks for posting your question . i see that this set of stools are available for purchase from several different sellers . because the shipping depends on the seller you choose to purchase this set from , i 'd suggest contacting the seller directly . to do this , go to the seller 's storefront page and click on `` contact the seller '' in the bottom right-hand corner of the page . if you would like to view their shipping information , just go to the listing and click on `` domestic shipping rates '' below the seller 's name . i hope this is helpful ! 
mine came with 2 for each side and 1 for each front back of stool ... making 6 total . 
b004xoas1a b004x7ifqw these are the amazon asin numbers for our black saddle stools 
when you use 8 cups uncooked rice , you end up with 16 cups cooked rice . 
yes , the the middle circular button on the front is white rice and the one on the right is brown wild rice ( the left on is one off ) . all you have to do is push the button . 
yes 
for a child , yes , but for an adult probably not if they are putting their full force against it . it really is a nice chair extra bed and a 6 ft. man could stretch out on it . my grandson made a tent with it and a blanket ... it 's a nice lime green color . 
it feels like a micro fiber . i do n't know the actual material off hand . it has a faux suede type feel . 
no the cover is not removable . i wish it was . mine is now in my front yard . to close to the floor and my animals used it as a potty pad . all of them . 
you push it forward a little which should release it . 
about 10 inches . thanks for asking ! - inhouse 
fold the part where the pillow is all the way forward , this releases it so the back can be put into multiple positions . then fold the bottom piece up and you have the chair . it 's a little confusing at first but you 'll figure it out . i love this chair , i actually have 4 of them . 
yes , free shipping . 
zone kid 's flip chair size : 29.2 '' x 29.5 '' x 23.9 '' bed size : 79.53 '' x 29.5 '' x 5.1 '' 
no you will have to put it together yourself . but its a really nice table when your done . 
yes , they attach like any other knobs with a screw going thru the wood . 
i dont remember the exact measurements , the box was small just heavy . 
they go in with a screw so i would guess so . 
well the parts are not identified but it 's self explanatory since it 's simple to tell the difference between the parts . for a person more experienced in this stuff like me , i do n't find it hard to put together . basically it 's not that hard to put together , you just got ta do it carefully . plus the drawers are held by wooden dowels and the top one is where it needs it more . i hope this helped you . 
definitely ... the accent table is n't super strong but it is sturdy ... i would make the whole prior to assembling tho ( obviously ) ... i have 2 and they look good and are solid . 
it is better at keeping cold drinks cold , but it will keep coffee hot for hours . beware of opening though , it may squirt a few hot drops out of the straw due to pressure build up . the regular thermos containers without straws are a better purchase for hot drinks . 
yes ! my son uses . it fits both regular cup holders and car seat cup holders 
the only material that could potentially be scratched off of this container might be the `` thermos '' lettering that you see at the bottom of the container . other than that , nothing can be scratched off . i have one of these containers for each of my kids . this one is for my middle school child and has worked wonderfully . they keep the beverages very cold . ice is still present when we clean them out at the end of the day . the other big sell for me is that they do n't leak . i wo n't use any other containers in lunches for fear of soggy sandwiches ! highly recommend . 
made in china 
usage is = wattage 800 watts , current draw ( 120v ) 6.9 amps , this is like having 8 - 100 watt light bulbs on . or running a small air conditioner - window unit . the actual cost varies to what it cost in your neighborhood for a kwh ( kilo watt hour ) typically it might be 8 cents -- so running the unit for three hours to make a batch - would cost 24 cents per batch 
in the bottom of the boiling chamber . you have to clean the boiling chamber because it will leave deposits . makes you feel good that all that crud is not going into your body . 
the installtion is not difficult at all . in fact the only thing you need to do is take out the packaging and plug in the power cord into the outlet . here 's the link and hope it will help . http : youtu.be e-0hwvbevdq 
it 's made out of stainless steel . that is far as i know . 
it could . this is definitely not air-tight , but it does cut down on the draft quite a bit . 
it will not be too tall , as it has magnetic blocks on the top . i stick mine on the outside of the screen and then just tuck in the excess at the bottom . having the extra actually helps in making with draughts . so always better to go with a size that is a little bigger . 
yes its on mine works good 
mines works great with the magnets it came with i had no problems . 
sw probably need large one 
yes 
you will need to have a metal screen to attach the blanket to . the blanket has three magnets along the top and two larger magnets along the sides of the bottom . 
we use it all year long . 
yes , but it is thin , weak , and will not hold the sheet down around the mattress . do your self a favor and do not purchase these sheets . you will not be happy with the product . 
sorry we dont have 
very expensive the bests of cotton not microfiber 
the question seems incomplete . not sure what you are asking . 
i 'm sorry i do n't know . 
no , they are not completely black.they are cappuccino in color . 
it is 19 inches . my advice to you , is do not purchase this chair . very uncomfortable ! ! ... . 
22 1 4 '' is the width of the cushion itself 
i weigh 158 lbs . and it easily holds my weight . i should mention that i have two of these chairs in our living room and is not much used . but this chair is quite light . i do n't think it can take the weight of a heavy person .. especially if it is used regularly . i hope this answers your question . 
it is wide . it is comfortable to sit in , not luxuriously so but comfortable none the less . 
mine did not ... you have to order separately 
i 'm not a pro at this kind of questions , but it definitely looks , feels and smells like real leather . and for this price i would expect it to be real . 
what is `` reclining '' fabric ? it comes in a few flat ( solid ) leatherite kind of fabric . great for the cost . not high-end if you are looking for something chic , in that price range , you would be disaapointed 
i washed it in my washer and it came out great . cold water 
i ordered the red king before christmas ; although i have a queen sized bed , i have found that some queens are a bit skimpy . the king was a bit big for my bed , but it worked for me . i do not know the dimensions , but that size should be adequate for a king mattress . the weight was not too heavy . i used only the top sheet , a light-weight synthetic comforter , and the bedspread for my winter cover . i am very satisfied with this bed set . 
the dimensions for the king comforter are 95 '' x 104 '' . there is no designated top or bottom so you can turn it length wise or width wise depending on how you want to use it . 
adequate , simple clean look but elegant . 
355ml . 
yes , and the bicycle etched in the bottom . 
i checked both glasses and the answer is `` yes '' . 
no , but it 's great all the same 
yes 
at a craft or fabric store . 
you stuff it yourself . i have an old bedspread and all the old clothes i usually give to goodwill . works great ! however , please note that although it says `` mustard '' and looks yellow in that picture , it is not . it is tan . 
no , as long as you preheat the breakfast sandwich maker the egg , cheese , bread and whatever meat you choose will cook at the same time . the egg is actually the only thing that cooks . the bread english muffin will toast , the cheese will melt and the meat will heat through . you have to use precooked meats ; i have been using oscar mayer 's smoked ham rounds , but as i stated previously , it is fully cooked . i would suggest assembling the ingredients for the bottom muffin before placing them in the cooker . start off with an english muffin , top it off with a slice of cheese ( fold the cheese at the corners to fit within the edges of the muffin ) and then add the ham . when the unit achieves its preheated state , the green light will come on , place the preassembled bottom half within the bottom ring . drop the plate and second ring onto the top of the bottom half , crack an egg on the plate , prick the yoke with a toothpick , sprinkle salt to taste , add the english muffin top and close the lid . wait 4 minutes , slide the plate aside , and lift the lid off using the bottom handle ( make sure to use a potholder ) and remove the sandwich using a silicone spatula . wait for the sandwich to cool and then consume a very yummy sandwich . follow the directions for clean up . personally , i wash the rings and plate by hand . hope this info . helps . enjoy ! 
yes you have to pre cook the pork patty to ensure it is well done . you do not need to pre cook ham , canadian bacon . if you want to add a slice of cheese on top of the meat or slice of bread do it before the sandwich finish cooking . it helps to spray the holders with cooking spray . hope this helps 
the only difference between the two is their packaging . 25475a model ships in its original container , whereas the 25475 ships in amazon packaging . 
i have not done that but i 'm sure you could . the only issue i can think of with that is you might have to adjust your cooking time a little bit depending on how much you use . 
i 'm not sure . you plug it in a normal wall socket for about 5 minutes to warm , then it cooks for about 5 minutes , then you unplug it when you 're done . in total it 's roughly about 10 minutes in your average wall socket . 
nope ! you it toasts in the breakfast maker ! 
yes . i also found out that if you allow a few seconds for the egg to start to harden before you put the top of the sandwich on that its a lot better . 
ms. rhonda , you 've got it right . in order to make a sandwich , in a decent amount of time , your meats should be pre cooked and thawed . the sandwich maker will definitely cook an egg , melt cheese , brown bread a bit , etc . but , as you guessed , it takes high heat and time to cook meats . it 's fun to use and the kids really get into it . hope this helps ... ... ken 
china 
the grinder is metal . the metal container is sealed with a wooden top and a gasket which is probably neoprene . i have used the grinder every day for about a year . it still looks and works as well as the day i received it . 
i would say yes but i would also say that it 's a lot of work . i use it to grind coffee beans and it takes a good bit of time and effort . it works beautifully though . 
only if you have infinite patience . i 've taken to using mine as an art prop for my paintings . when i want coffee , i do n't want to wait for the vernal equinox . i use an electric spice grinder by hamilton beach . good luck 
i think the box said china ( no markings on it otherwise ) . 
this grinder does grind your beans so that the powder substance can be used in the french press . 
it is large , standing 8 inches tall not including the handle . the stainless cylinder that contains the ground coffee is 5-1 2 inches high by nearly 4 inches in diameter . the hopper for the grinder on top holds beans for about 4 cups maximum , but of course you can refill the hopper and keep grinding until the cylinder is full . overall i find the capacity perfect . i use it with my french press and make coffee for two to four people at breakfast or after dinner . if it were much larger it would be difficult to hold as you grind . if you want a smaller one or if you want to do very fine espresso grinding then go for the turkish model that looks like a pepper grinder and just do a cup at a time . my friend has one of these and it also works well . 
i would say no . 
made in china 
it depends on what shipping method you opt for and what seller you buy it from . each seller has different shipping services they prefer to use . if you purchase from health time depending upon the shipping method you select when placing your order , we will ship your order using usps first class , usps priority mail , fedex 2 day and fedex overnight shipping . 
the manufacturer only makes this bottle with the writing displayed on it . unfortunately we are unable to alter the product once we receive it from the manufacturer . 
it is glass just like a regular wine bottle . 
you can drink anything out of it . 
no . 
it does but the box has the picture of it on it . i do n't know if you 're trying to make it a surprise what 's inside . it 's pretty nice though . not fancy but not cheap looking either 
there are 4 in the box . yellow , blue , green , and sort of pink purple 
they are glass . 
3 inches 
i would say they are glass but a very nice glass - elegant - reflects the light . unless you are ordering `` waterford '' or a similar named brand crystal maker - most stemware is a type of glass and does n't usually meet the exact requirements of crystal . 
i sent it back because it came broken . it was n't very tall and i felt not worth what it cost . 
30 3 4 '' with both extension folded down . 
i am not for sure what the exact length is but very close to the size of a regular one . 
i would think you could turn it around or stand behind it ( for a left handed person ) 
it 's 35 1 2 in , i also modified mine and added a extra shelf , intermetro 14-inch by 36-inch chrome wine shelf my friends just love it whne they come over , uses a second unit for microwave coffee brewer with cups hanging off top shlef 
yes , there are six , separate and easy to use hooks included . 
no but so easy 10 min 's tops.i 'm very happy with item.have a good day christi 
yes the feet are ajustable 
no . the way the shelf is it would not work . but i urge you to buy a diff one or stain the board immediately . 1 drop of liquid will ruin it ! 
no tools needed . all snaps together . very sturdy . very happy with it . 
i do n't see why not . 
here are the dimensions as listed in the item description . hope that helps : solid 35 '' w x 13.5 '' d x .5 '' h bamboo surface : complete with water trough and fully removable for easy cleaning and use ecostorage finish represents eco-friendly production where no toxic chemicals are released into the environment during the production of this product 3 consumer-grade 36 '' x 14 '' shelves : 250 lb . weight capacity per shelf 1 consumer-grade 36 '' x 7 '' cantilever shelf : 25 lb . weight capacity per shelf includes 1 hanging bar with 6 hooks 
yes you can adjust the middle shelf to any height you want or leave it out all together . 
it does not come with sheets , but it does come with two european shams and two regular shams . 
the dark colors are black . 
yes , one inside and three on tbe side . 
this says no . 3064 designed to fit bissell zing canister . hope this helps . 
around 5 ponds 
120vac , 60hz , 10 amps 
yes it can . however , would i recommend cleaning sensitive electronic equipment with a floor vacuum ? no i would not . if you are using the unit only to clean the cpu and keyboard that is fine . however , if you are using it for any other use it will have an inherent level of dust that can and will harm sensitive equipment . also , this unit may be cumbersome to use to get into the nooks and crannies as it is larger than those vacs designed to clean computers . i suppose the choice to use it this way is up to the individual , but i personally would not . 
it is approx 16 feet long . 
the hose measures 5feet 9inches give or take an inch . this does not include the stainless steel extension . 
i do n't think so . the lids do n't lock and the handle is only decorative . they are only for storage or decorative purposes . if you put hats or accessories in them and put them in the car ok , but nothing else . 
the largest box , without the top , is 13-1 2 inches in diameter and 7-3 4 inches high with the top . 
this question was answered earlier by me . hope it helps . 
very tall , about 3 1 2 - 4 feet . i stacked them and tied a pink ribbon all around and gave as a gift for a shower - it was quite impressive at the table ! 
not really . i can get a fedora style hat in the next to large but none of my `` kentucky derby '' style hats will fit . the large one will hold a cowboy style hat . 
the unit has a single door that opens to provide access to the entire cabinet . 
it 's clear . 
yes it does have the nano silver filter , works great . 
yes ! very efficient product . 
no , it is not . 
i have not seen any wetness or white powder . it 's internal filter does a great job removing the `` hardness '' of the water . 
china . where else ? 
the mist stops . 
2.5 '' x2.5 '' x4 '' . 2.5 '' being the widest part of the leg and 4 '' being the height . 
8 3 4 inches tall , 20 1 2 inches wide , 36 1 2 inches long . 
no , it is on hinges and is a lid , not a tray . 
yes 
38 `` x 22 '' x17 '' high 
nothing spectacular ... black flet ... but nice , definitely worth the cost ... 
it is just a bit larger than the ottoman . sorry i do n't have the figures to give you . 
four inches . 
the color is dark chocolate . 
is it dark chocolate or black 
yes , it does come in other colors . see their website . 
hi , no idea ! . we are not really a hot chocolate fans . sorry ! but is an excellent coffee machine . i am even thinking on buying one for my office . good luck 
have never tried anything but nespresso 
yes , one whips the milk into more foam than the other . 
it comes with a sampler of 10 different coffee chips 
i do n't think so . i looked at mine and each leg has a round chrome top on the top glass , so although they have rubber feet , it seems like it could be rather unstable . without that chrome top ( see picture on all 4 sides where legs are ) it would work , as it does have rubber feet and the glass one i have does not slide on my ceramic counter ... ..ohhhhh i just checked and those round chrome tops screw off ! ! probably for cleaning ( after trying one , i did see a little coffee under there..they thought of everything ! ) . soooo i think if you screwed those off on your bottom tray that another one could be set on top . and with the rubber feet , i think it would remain stable . it does n't appear to be specifically made for stacking , but i do think it could work . good idea ! i might get another one myself ! if you try it , let me know okay ? ? ? please note : i 'm not recommending this , as i have n't tried it , but it appears to be possible . i 'd try it , in fact i might ! update : no they 're not stackable ! it just occurred to me and i went and checked . unscrewing that cap compromises the integrity of the leg . so no i 'd say do n't stack . i would not want to balance the legs on that dome cap . sorry bout that . 
the drawer holds keurig cups in one layer height ( 2-inches ) , and bunch of them in total . the deck for the keurig is at 3-inches above the counter top it rests on . i 've seen a wood topped unit similar in design at costco , but was much higher and the wood would trap bacteria vs this unit is tempered glass and easy to clean , see through for how many refills you have left and to see what flavors you have as well . i find it much more practical . 
i 'm pretty sure all coffee pods are the same size , you could always check at the grocery store in the coffee isle . 
i have a k65 and it fits perfectly with room to spare . 
no . the vue cups are too big for the narrow rows that are made for the kcups . this is made strictly for k cup storage . it 's too bad - this unit is really nice . 
yes , fits perfectly ! 
sorry i can not help you on this . the mattress is great and feels like its thicker than the 5 . 5 
i think it would be uncomfortable without a mattress . using it on top of a mattress , gives a higher bed and perfect fit for deep pocket bedding . 
78.5 '' x58.5 '' what i measured our queen to be . 
the density was said to be 5.0. i thought that would have a fair amount of resistance but each person in my family of various weights just sank into it . unuseable . i do n't know the origin of the material . 
i 'm not sure on the pounds but it is really dense ... .so it weights more than your typical egg foam topper . i have been really happy with ours 
not sure what the dimensions are but its a true fit to a full size bed . 
4lb ? the foam mattress is a 4 inch thick memory foam bed topper , which i have boughten and use at home and camping . it is very comfortable , the 5.5 is the rating of its firmness ... hope this helped . 
it 's certainly not 116 '' nor is it 96 '' . unless my tape measure is horribly inaccurate , the 2 seat section is about 60 inches , and the chaise section is about 30 inches , give or take a half an inch for each measurement ( and you might add the cushions for another couple inches , but they are squishy and can compact to fit the length of the couch ) . maybe one of the other couch options is 116 '' ? and if you want a bit of space on each side of the couch , 96 '' is safe . but the couch sitting in my living room is 90 '' long . 
it is one piece but can go on either side . 
unfortunately , there is not . 
116 inches long 
it is 3 1 4 inches . my magic bullet extractor is 4 inches diameter . 
we are using them on model : mb1001 with ac 120v and they are working just fine . 
yes 
yes 
no 
i had an old nutribullet , and it fitted perfectly ! i am not sure about the 900 series , they are a newer series ? 
for the nutribullet size l need asap 
did not have nutribullet 
approximately 2 1 2 inches 
yes , they are stainless inside also . 
mine is made in malaysia ... 
7 1 4 '' without lid , 8 '' with the lid 
it fits mine if i pull out the drip tray ( and just barely ) . 
the design is odd , but does clean up easily and keeps the coffee hot ! i like mine and recommend it . i would n't think it the best choice for a driver though . 
i do not know . 
the chaise piece attaches to the couch with two steel `` u '' bars , but the chaise does not separate into a seat and ottoman . when you get the set you are getting a couch and chaise with arms that are configurable to have the chaise on the left or right side of the couch , or to have a chaise and love seat separate . 
about 95 inches long and the chase section sticks out about 65 inches . i 've had mine for 6 months and like it allot . the cushions are firm and not sink into kind . i prefer the firmer cushions personally . 
i do n't know the specific density , but the cushions are extremely firm ... . disappointingly so ... . 
unfortunately we can not send fabric sample thanks your source 
yup ! 
hello maryann ! the most significant difference is 6021-4298 is width expandable . it expands from 32.00 '' to 48.00 '' in width . 6021-3079 is height adjustable only . please feel free to reach out to our customer service department if you have any further questions , monday-friday 8am-4:30pm ( cst ) at ( 888 ) 944-8667 or email us at help @ whitmor.com . have a great day ! 
hi becky ! whitmor 6021-3539-bb is not width adjustable and 6021-4298 is . please feel free to reach out to our customer service department if you have any further questions , monday-friday 8am-4:30pm ( cst ) at ( 888 ) 944-8667 or email us at help @ whitmor.com . have a great day ! 
i do n't believe they can be pushed down to lower the rack . 
yes 
no 
about 8 '' on each side . 
i bought mine probably a couple months ago and it broke today . i filled up the entire thing with clothes and the extension parts and it started to lean and it cracked the top part and fell over . it seemed sturdy , but i definitely would not buy it again . 
between the bars is 29.5 inches . 
i have n't folded mine up yet but when it arrived it was folded . now , it 's not like some 'foldaway ' beds where you just pull on the head and foot ends and the whole thing folds in half . for this bed , the mattress was somehow folded around a different way . but , the bed itself is very lightweight , like a cot , and the mattress itself is n't heavy so the folding is n't physically difficult -- just maybe a little complicated . 
they are pretty exact to 31x75x13 
we use a regular fitted twin sheet and it works fine . however , the mattress is not as thick as a normal mattress , so we just tuck in the excess . also , the mattress has straps that attach to the metal frame , which prevent the sheet from fully being able to fit . but , with all of that said , we 've used it twice so far with company visiting and no one had complained or had any issues with how the sheets fit . 
4 '' memory foam 
great for picking up dog hair . best vacuum i have ever owned . also bought one for my daughter . 
yes i did get one with mine works good to 
here is what it says on shark 's website : includes a pet power brush , 12 '' crevice tool , dusting brush , canister caddy , and a straight suction nozzle for versatile cleaning throughout the home . an extra long 30 foot long power cord provides maximum range for cleaning large spaces quickly and easily . 
no . 
from the www.sharkclean.com website . 
in which place i can find the model number ? ? why do you need that ? 
hi , yes we do have it in black finish for this item . thank you ! 
sorry , no 
no , there are fixed slots for the shelves . 
at this time we only have it in black finish 
probably it is pretty sturdy . you could probably set it on a table against a wall . 
yes 
yes 
the item ships from nj , so in theory very quickly . however , the warehouse is backed up because of christmas orders , so we can not guarantee this would ship in time for christmas . 
it is not as loud as a normal vacuum but you can hear it in the room it is in . you can not hear it on the floor below . it does not disrupt conversations - it is not that loud . 
i do n't know how it compares to the room mate . but this dirt devil robot is a piece of junk . threw it away after only a couple of uses . do not buy ! 
does not work well on carpets 
yes , but unlike patricia , we love our unit . we make different teas and french press coffee and the unit 's ability to easily set the temperature for the appropriate task for steeping the tea or making coffee is a real plus . it is also nice to have set the timer to have a pot of water at the right temp when i get up in the morning . i found the origin of manufacture by simply looking at the bottom of the base plate where it is clearly stipulated . i did not infer the origin based on the quality of the product . schengen china has some amazing manufacturers . i do n't want to get into an in depth discussion about made in america verses made off shore . i would prefer that we employ american workers every chance we get . however , the free market is a principle that we americans so dearly love as a corner stone of our style of capitalism . this and greed , drive corporate manufacturing decisions . the shareholders must make a profit from their investments , the middle class be damned . so , that aside , this is a really great product and , unfortunately , it is made in china . good luck finding a small appliance made in america . 
yes you can ! i programmed mine to be ready at a certain time every morning and it works beautifully ! it also keeps the water at the same temperature ( of your choosing ) for 1 hour after the time you programmed it for . a helpful hint on using it is to use the instructions listed in the item description on amazon as the booklet that comes with it was pretty confusing . 
the top does n't come off but it raises vertically 90 degrees , so it is easy to access the inside of pot for cleaning . 
no 
the lid id plastic , but this would not come in contact with the water unless you held it upside down . there is also a screen in the spout that is stainless , but this fine screen is held in place with a thin black plastic ring that has a small splash guard at the top . it is too high to be in constant contact with the water until poured . so this plastic only incidentally contacts the water briefly . we use the pot every day and it is the best electric tea pot we have ever owned or used . 
absolutely . we purchased it to have casual dinners on the couch . it easily supports our 2 person meals along with appetizers and drinks . and occasionally an ill mannered cat . 
something else . my child left something wet on it and it bubbled up . 
not sure of table top capacity but certainly has held 25lbs on mine in the open position . i love the table and am about to buy 2 of the side tables 
i guess you could if you drilled holes in the legs and leg caps ... .not too heavy to push around as is ... . 
it increases about 10 '' in height when opened and about 6 '' in width towards where you are sitting 
43 '' wide , 19.5 '' deep , 19 '' tall 
no they are always smooth and soft . after a few washings , mine have ripped . i found other micofiber sheets that seem better . i think that is what these sheets are , though not advertised as such . the shipping charges cost more than the sheets ! 
hello , the size corresponding to international regulation . regards 
hello , thanks for your question . when purchasing from a seller , shipping is unfortunately , not combined . according to this seller 's storefront page , rates are based on shipping a single item . purchasing multiple items results in multiple shipping charges which means there are no `` per shipment '' and `` per item '' charges , as there are when you buy directly from amazon.com . i hope this helps ! 
price was right fits good 
no..but the sheets and pillowcases are extra large..and the sheets are so soft 
no 
it 's a term to describe the weave . it 's not satin fabric , it 's cotton . 
yes . 
no , it is made of cheap pressed particle board and the back is cardboard . 
if you have a lot of heavy reference books then this is not the quality your looking for . i would say it has light to medium weight capacity . it 's all particle board . 
93 inches [ 2362mm ] total length & 72 inches [ 1829mm ] tallest piece 
width : 2'7 '' , depth : 11.5 '' , height : 3'9 '' 4'10 '' 5'11 '' 
7'9 '' 
i had to special order my cabinet as a flush mount rather than a recessed mount because i had a vent pipe behind the dry wall , between the studs over the sink , so i did n't have the space for a recessed mount . i have about a 3 1 2 '' exposure . to answer your question , the side view of the cabinet shows that the recessed mount leaves about an inch of reveal to nicely expose the crown moulding and side moulding . i see there is a substantial price increase from when i bought my cabinet last spring . i thought it was a real nice cabinet for what i paid . bob r . 
yes 
$ 62.00 thanks . 
the exterior dimensions are : 27 and 1 4 '' tall by 17 and 1 4 '' wide . the interior dimensions of the cabinet are : 22 and 1 8 '' tall by 12 and 1 8 '' wide . i have it in a very traditional cottage bathroom , and it looks great . 
you will have to ask the seller . other sellers do allow that . 
i did but the steamer leaked.i did not use it for long 
no it is not . sorry . 
use 2 parts water and 1 part vinegar and steam it out to clean the steamer and get a better flow from it . 
yes 
nsf mark the nsf mark assures consumers , retailers and regulators that products have been rigorously tested to comply with all standard requirements . more info http : www.nsf.org about-nsf 
do n't know the actual density , but did n't compress much when slept on . was nice but not as thick as i thought it should be for the price . hope this helps ! 
no 
no , its a typo they are $ 9.99 
i am not sure , but i believe the packaging says they get rid of stale , musty odors . i think with anything like desk drawers it would really depend on how permeated the wood is with the scent of smoke . 
not yet . 
you have to pull hard . it clicks in so to open it you have to grasp it and pull hard 
rubber flat part . works good . 
with the hanger facing you pull up on the left side of the hook it will open , then you unwrap the metal hook from around the rhinestone covered purse , hook your purse on the hook that is now exposed , lay the rhinestone purse flat on the table top with your purse hanging below . 
your answer is in the description . 1 ,1.5 and 2 qts . pretty good for price . 
no , they do n't come with any lid . 
i have used my saucepans almost every day and have had no problem with them rusting . in fact , they look the same as when i took them out of the package 2 or 3 months ago . hope this helps ... 
yes , there is frames on the back , it is ready for hang . thanks and best regards , santin art 
no . 
yes 
the two pots , 3 qt . sauce and 5 qt . stockpot , have no damage they have been great . my small pot started discoloring but still 'non-stick ' and three pans , 2 qt sauce pan , 8 '' and 11 '' frying , as well as the 9.5 '' skillet , are damaged , no longer non-stick and discolored . 
it is not recommended and we have not put them thru the dishwasher , only hand washed . 
well according to macy 's and bb & b it 's lifetime . i 've been doing some research and found this cookware among top 3 safest cookware . 
based on what 's on the bottom of the unit , it 's 475. seriously , i would n't purchase this product . 
does not work for indian pickles or dishes 
manual says : gasket ( part # y-951-33 ) 
like the others , i ordered this organizer and it is just like all of the pictures except the last picture which shows the measurements . and i love mine ! 
front to back it 's 10 1 2 inches . it 's 14 1 4 inches wide and 8 1 8 inches high . 
the dimensions of the toaster oven are : width : 14 inches ; depth : 10 inches without door handle , with handle 12 inches , height : 8 1 2 inches . the unit has a grill ( 9 x 9 1 2 inches ) ; no tray is included . for baking a larger unit is probably more suitable . 
width 14.5 `` , height 8 '' with legs , depth 10 '' net , depth with handle 12 1 4 '' 
the tob-100 cabinet is 15-1 2 '' wide ; this includes a `` bump '' on the right and left side to allow some ventillation space . height is 8-1 4 `` . the depth from front to back is 10 '' ; however , there are two brackets on the back that take up an additional 1-1 8 '' space ; again this is to ensure ventillation . finally , the handle sticks out 2 '' in front , making the overall distance from your wall to the front of the handle 13-1 8 '' . bottom line : space needed on your countertop is 15-1 2 '' w x 8-1 4 '' h x 13-1 8 '' d ... ..and it 's the best quality toaster oven i 've ever owned ! 
you can fit a couple french bread size pizzas or a mini personal pan size . 
this model is 1800 watts . 
it will toast 4 slices at a time . 
yes . 
including the bottom , it has 4 shelves total . 
dimensions : 17.5 '' h x 21.5 '' w x 3.5 '' d weight ( net ) : 15 lbs interior depth:15 5 8 '' h x 19 1 2 '' w x 3 '' d distance between top 2 row : 2.75 '' , bottom 2 rows : 4.5 '' 
the outside dimensions are : height 22 inches , width 18 inches , and depth 4 inches . it is very well made and very attractive . i use mine to display miniature dishes and such . 
15 '' long and 1.5 '' wide black metal . mine are on the inside of a cabinet door below my cooktop . we open and close that cabinet door frequently , so i ended up having to put two on the door because with just one the knives were falling off when we closed the cabinet door . works great with two - more area to grip the blades of the knives - they are spaced about 3 '' apart . 
it has a metal strip which slides into the back with screw holes in it . with that in place it will not stick to a fridge . however if you leave the strip off it will stick . that being said with little weight on it it will slide down . so unless you mount it to the fridge somehow you want to mount it somewhere else . 
thanks for your query . product description cover other parts : aluminum , epoxy polyester powder coating back : steel 
if the metal can be drilled to accommodate two screws , then yes . 
according to this press release , it is : http : consumerinfo.zerowater.com tag bpa-free 
it should as the meter reads 000 and fluoride is an inorganic compound . zero water is designed to remove inorganic compounds so when the water reads 000 there should n't be any fluoride . 
it could n't be . i have a pitcher and this cup is about the same size as the filter for the pitcher . also , they sell specific filters for this cup . 
i am sure it does ... but depending where u are , te water has a high calcium content meaning the filter will not last long . mine lasted for not even a mth with little usage in the virgin islands with a high salt water content . good luck as i eared to send mine back , ,.but it was too much of a hassle so i just use the cup in the fridge for water on the go and filter is history as too expensive to continue to replace . 
only amazon , so far . looking for better price option , though . 
unsure about the filtering of bpa , but i would n't want to carry this around with me unless i knew the water was undrinkable . this is a very heavy water filter bottle . 
it 's already installed 
its gon na depend on how bad the water is that your putting in it to be filtered . i bought one , and i wish i hadnt . it leakes , and does n't hold very much water . i 'm constantly refilling it . 
yes the filter holder and the destratification tube . 
no it does n't . the way this coffee maker difuses coffee you do n't want to take any coffee until the whole pot is brewed . 
yes , it has the stop drip function . however i have not used it . it does have an automatic shut off after 100 minutes . that function i have used . 
110. highly recommend , love it . 
yes , bought this last year and we have place at 8800 feet in co. got it & it works great . ended up taking home to tulsa and got a bonavita to leave in co.. but this is a beautiful machine & great , fast coffee . highly recommend . 
it 's a hole with a spring clip so that if you pull the pot out it will stop pouring until it 's replaced . saturates the grounds pretty well though , not like a french press but about as well as any other model of this type i 've used . 
168 degrees..used digital reader before pouring into cup 
if you find this out please let me know ! i have a chip in my carafe and would like to replace it . 
single . it 's pretty durable so i do n't anticipate needing another one for a while ... . 
i can not say for certain that it fits this model , but i would assume that it does . it also fits on other large skillets that i own , and i find it very helpful . i am glad to have it when removing my large skillet from the oven , so it works very well . 
it fits on but does n't stay put . it slides off the handle every time i 've tried . 
one . it fits the 12 '' dutch oven and 12 '' skillet well . kind of loose on the 10 '' dutch oven . btw , buffalo bill , do you live in buffalo ? i grew up there . 
we have this bags dimension as approximate exterior dimensions : 11.4 '' wide x 7.7 '' high x 2.75 '' deep 
the strap is adjustable and can be shortened , but only by about half . i think you will still have a bit of 'dangle ' going on . 
based on the actual dimensions people have shared in other questions answered , it should fit them . for sure the rover . 
the bung that comes with this set is much too small for a better bottle . you need a universal medium bung . 
perhaps , but i do n't see the sprayer getting to the inside very well . to clean these properly , i would suggest using the same sanitizer you might use for beer bottles . hold them under water in the solution and rotate them until all of the air is out . leave them in the solution for 10 minutes , then drain them . they are ready to sue . 
they fit my 6 gallon glass carboy fine , however the bungs are to slick and pop up and release pressure around the bung not through the airlock , fortunately i had a few rubbery ones laying around and used those . however for the price the airlocks are great ! 
a 5 gal . jug for a water dispenser but i had to turn the rubber stopper upside down 
yes , it can be pulled off and re-attached at will . 
plastic 
i am pretty sure they are too big for milk jug . the plugs are 1.25 '' wide at the bottom and flair out to 1.5 '' . the mouth of the jug needs to be between these two numbers . 
package contains 2 twin bubble airlocks and 2 universal carboy bungs that will fit 3 , 5 , 6 and 6.5 gallon glass carboys . 
this unit requires a 15 amp , 240v breaker ( join two 15 amp 120v breaker slots to make one 15 amp 240v ) . excellent brand and unit . 
not a feature of this model . 
yes . 
yes it is very quiet . 
hello- it 's fully reversible , so you can use the gray side and the teal will not show through . 
yes . it 's a nice bedspread and held up well in the washer . 
it comes with the quilt , the two blue pillows ( which are reversible ) and the little blue and gray striped one . the `` grey '' one is not actually a pillow -- it looks like it is in the picture , but it 's just the quilt bunched up . 
the comforter is reversible 
hope i can answer your question . my purchase was back in march of 2013 , from sleep revolution , and my topper was a queen size . the dimensions on the full wide from what i read is 54 '' x 72 '' . if you scroll down , i believe that information is listed . from what i gather , looking at the current product , i did not see a queen size listed as a choice . but mine was queen . hope this helps . warmest wishes ... ... 
i think it 's to thin to be comfortable by itself on the springs of a sleeper sofa . i put mine on top of my sleeper mattress and it was wonderful . did n't feel springs at all . but it 's a tight fit to close the sofa . 
no 
i honestly do n't know . i put it on top of the mattress then put on a zippered bedbug cover . sorry could n't help . . . : - ( 
the queen is 58 x 72 , queen wide is 60 x 72. twin wide is 39 x 72 ( which seems like a standard twin to me ) . they do not show the other dimensions . 
it 's definitely like pfaltzgraff , it has substantial weight to each plate . just to let you know , i used it for the first time at christmas and my family just could n't stop raving about how beautiful it was . you 'll be happy if you purchase this i 'm sure . 
yes . 
fine porcelain . durable , gorgeous setting and dishwasher safe . love it ! ! 
yes , i use mine in the microwave and i also preheat the plates or bowls in my oven . i am very impressed with this dinnerware ! 
the dinner plates are huge we dont have them here they are in our florida home but i would guess that they are 11-12 inches across and the dessert plates is at least 8-9 inches across we didnt use the dinner plates much.. i used them for serving platters and cookie plates . i love the mugs and the pattern.. i wish they had a smaller plate for salad ... 
see if you can find th to buy one place setting p 
the overall size from head to toe is roughly 23 inches . the arms are 10 inches long from the base ( arm pit ) . the legs are 12 inches long from the base of his shell . the shell itself is 6 1 2 inches wide by 8 inches tall . the head is about the size of a softball . i 'd say about 4 1 2 to 5 inches at the thickest part of his body ( shell ) . so , he is roughly the size of your average pillow overall , just in ninja turtle form lol . i was impressed when i pulled it out of the box , the size overall was a little better than i had expected . the plush feel is great too , well worth the buy ! i hope this was helpful . 
he 's about 2feet tall . maggie loves him 
yes . i have washed it once and it held up ok . 
generally when you buy a mattress and box spring it comes with a metal frame on caster wheels . on one end of that frame there are little metal 'tabs ' with holes in them , designed to attach a headboard to . 
king 
yes it does and they are easy to use . just remember , the cord must be put on the blanket main plug before you plug it in to the wall socket . i learned that the hard way . it is a good blanket . 
the amps are not noted on the box nor the papers that came with in . our box indicates it is distributed by jarden consumer solutions in boca raton , fl . also shows www.sunbeambedding.com ; ph . no . 1 866 259 6105 on box so you may want to contact them . we bought 1 last winter and love it so much we just bought 2 more for christmas gifts this month . it has such a soft velvet feel and works great ! our 2 married grandchildren will love them ! we highly recommend . 
i just checked the label . it is made in china . we really like it . my husband used to wake up with a sore back and aching knees , he feels better with the setting on low . good luck making your decision . amy 
yes ! ! it is a pain . 
yes , it is backlighted digital with a range from 1 to 20 . 
no 
it appears that it is a blanket . i put it on top of top sheet & under the bedspread . 
here is the actual size of the item- ( 100 '' x 90 '' ) ( 254 cm x 228 cm ) 
yes they really have 20 heat settings auto turn off and preheat . i have two of them and they are wonderful for winter time . about 15 min before i 'm ready for bed i turn it on preheat and when you get under the covers it 's so nice and toasty . : ) i always have mine on 1 or 2 all night but i have tried the 15-20 setting just to see what would happen and it sure gets hot ! i tried the auto when i first got it and i would still sleep warm throughout the night but i would want it back on for my toes . i love the comforter it works wonders . makes you wan na sleep all day ! 
yes . very well . has a large rubber seal 
i do not know what `` pfoa '' stands for . ask amazon to ask their supplier . 
ye , s it stays cool . 
approximately-top portion:13 3 4 x 9 3 4 , bottom portion 11 1 2 x 7 1 2. these are the measurements for the roaster only not the lid . 
the maximum size for roast or turkey is approximately 10 lbs . 
yes , i went to the official website and the roaster and lid can be used up to 425 degrees . clean up is a breeze . 
the inside is coated in stone and the outside of the pan is stainless steel and aluminum . 
this will work for a 10 lbs or smaller turkey 
hi , i just test the cup with water . looks like all the way up to the rim it 's around 20oz 
no . it only has the opening for drinking . too big to hold a straw firm . useable as that but the straw would slide around . 
it says in the description that it does not work with the nutribullet . and i do not have a nutribullet to test it out . sorry . 
450 watt - it 's a great machine ... 
sorry , no dough hooks . 
450 watt motor ... look at the specs on amazon . 
yes , i use them in my reuseable kcup 
yes they are for one cup 
sorry i do not know . they are the same materials as large coffee filters to me . 
yes . i have enjoyed my coffee the most since i started using these filters . 
according to the package , made in china 
yes these filters work very well in kuerig k-cups . 
yes..pretty sure they will fit ... i use them in my k-cup . i absolutely love them ! 
sorry i do n't know . my coffee maker is not a model 2.0 , i read that this new model requires a special sensor in the cup . 
length is 10.5 inches , elastic top edge ( stretched ) is 11.5 inches , ( un-stretched ) is 7 inches , the oval bottom stitched edge is approximately 6 inches . it is not as large as i assumed it would be , but should fit around a gallon paint bucket . hope this info is useful . 
yes , i would say so . i used it for draining cauliflower to make a pizza crust and it did the trick . 
i use them to strain my jelly ! ! sorry for the error before . 
hi , best way to choose color would be to place an order and then send us a message with your color of choice . 
after you place the order you can send us a message with the color of your choice . 
i would not . perhaps using wall putty but because the figurine is curvy it would be difficult . it 's not heavy and if it sat on something shelf or board it would work . 
i would have to say , light weight for stainless steel but a very good quality product . i really like them and use them all the time . the silicone bottoms sold me and when i mix stir something in a bowl or set the bowl down it stays put . - hopefully , this helps you . 
3 
yes , they are stainless steel and have a silicone bottom , they will stay put as well . i love these bowls . use them all the time . 
absolutely . neatly fit inside each other without taking up a ton of space . these are the best stainless bowls i 've ever used . the special bottoms keep them from sliding while mixing . love them . 
gave these as a gift as well . i believe they are 12in , 10in , and 8in . my friend loved these bowls . she picked these out because she used her cousin 's wife set when she stayed at their home . 
silicone can go in the microwave , oven , and stove - just not over direct flame . you 're fine to use it in a water bath as long as it 's really silicone and not rubber ! 
i do n't know the answer to your question but i do know that they are heavy and very nice . i gave them as a show gift to my niece . 
sorry , not at the home where the bowls are right now . this bowl is as big as any set i 've seen , but do n't want to guess at the amount . 
800ml , 1700ml , 3000ml , 5200ml . 0.85qt , 1.8qt , 3qt , 5.5qt 
as long as it is made by debs , they have the soap cartridges that fit . we do sell them as well if you want to contact us . 
green foam soap . comes 6 1ltr to case . case price 58.50. thank you 
yes 
yes 
i would assume so but i ca n't guarantee it . i ordered this item and it came to me broken and never got to actually use it . i never ordered another one . 
i have no idea , i never got to use the one i ordered because it was broke . when i received it . 
i do not have a mr. coffee bvmc-k65 series , sorry could n't help . 
you could put tea in the filter but it will not steep your tea . it would make basically just make pretty weak tea . i ues the keurig without any cup or filter to quickly make hot water and then put a tea bag in my cup . or loose tea with a steeper . 
definitely yes . it was made for the keurig series . easy to use and glad i purchased it . enjoy your own special blends . 
no 
i do not remember the weight limit , but i do know that it is very sturdy , and i would not hesitate to have an adult on the top bunk . there are enough planks that makes it so . great choice for bunk beds ! 
i also wanted the answer to this question . i searched other websites that sell this item , but only one of them said it was bpa-free . so i looked up the manufacturer of the material , and they say that they never use bpa or related compounds in their food-grade plastics . i feel confident that the answer to this question is yes , this product is bpa-free . but it would still be nice if it was included up front in the product description . 
yes . very light weight . comparable to plastic tumblers . 
yes they do . i just flip the water off into the sink when i unload the dishwasher . these cups are big . that 's my favorite part ! so the water does n't bug me that much 
i love them . they are so pretty.they are made very well . it 's like a hard plastic.you will love them . 
this will work in new york city with the acupwr step up power supply . 
no for overseas use only 
no this is for overseas use only it will work in usa if you have 220v line in your home normally we have for ac & dryer in home in usa . 
yes , i believe it is a 5 year warranty on remanufactured factory juicers ... .it might even be a ten year warranty . not much can go wrong with them anyway ... main part is motor . 
i would n't recommend adding powder through the juicer . use a jar for your juice and add the powder then twist on the lid and shake . the purpose of the juicer is to squeeze out the juice of fruits and vegetables while eliminating the fibrous material . i love my juicer , happy juicing & # 127823 ; & # 127818 ; & # 127819 ; 
the v-2 comes with an adapter to use the k-cups in your vue machine . 
it was confusing for me too ... the v1 is for the keurig vue line only , it does n't fit on the others . note the `` protuberance '' on the right side of the picture , this cup goes in only one way . on the v1 the water goes in at the top through the center and comes out from that thingi on the side . the k cups are round and water comes from the top and goes out at the bottom . i bought it for my vue and it 's very nice , also the size allows for brewing up to 12oz single brew , depending on your coffee and taste . hopefully this clear up a bit of confusion . 
that 's what i have and it works awesomely ! 
bed bath & beyond carries a big selection of the vue cups 
it works just great . sure saves a load of $ $ 
no 
since christmas so about three months . some dredge at the bottom but not more then with a pre packaged vue cup . ca n't imagine any damage , it 's at the last stage the worse that could happen is the it spout gets clogged but that has n't happened . 
i do n't think that is what they are for . they are drinking glasses . 
no , the cups unfortunately did n't state . the cups upon initial use would impart a metallic aluminum taste in the mouth which diminished after about 4-5 rounds of washing in hot water . on occasion they would also cause a mild electrical sensation as though you 'd bit into a bit of tin . 
not that i know of but it 's an excellent idea and the tops seem like they could accommodate a lid . the outside of the rim measures 3 1 4 inches across and the lip width is 1 8 in . 
i think they would get stuck . i do n't stack mine . 
dear luisa , the maxam 4pc double wall 13oz stainless steel tumbler set can be stack with each other . thank you and we look forward to serve you soon . 
dear customer , these items are imported from china . thanks for the attention mactexa 
the set of 4 weighs 1.93 lbs 
yes , i believe so . 
2 k cups will fill it up . i like to brew up 1 k cup and freeze it in an ice cube tray . use a couple of those as ice along with some regular ice cubes . maybe 1 2 to 1 2 ratio . drinks wo n't water down . i use the 2nd and or 3rd settings on the b -70 ( it has 5 ) 
no it is n't . it says in very small letters hand wash and do not microwave . i hand wash most everything anyhow so it never was a concern for me . it 's a very nice pitcher . 
yes , this does fit the keurig coffee maker - not sure if i have the 2.0 system as mine was given to me used by a family member . you have to remove the front base from the coffee maker in order for this pitcher to fit under it . then just slide your base back into place . ( if your front base does n't slide away from the coffee maker - then this wo n't work for you . but i think most if not all systems do have a removable base . 
yes , you just have to pull out the `` stand '' that the cup normally sits on . it 's a little taller than a traditional tumbler but holds a whole quart . 
yes - brew your favorite k-cup or vue pack directly into the pitcher over ice to create a delicious , refreshing iced coffee or tea double-walled construction keeps your drink cold bears the keurig brewed seal of approval - the only mark of genuine keurig quality not compatible with the rivo system or keurig mini plus brewers 32 oz . capacity measures 4.7 '' w x 7.0 '' h hand wash only imported 
yes , i bought three boxes of these recently . i just checked an unopened box and the glasses are in a printed luminarc carton . these are exactly like the luminarc glasses we 've purchased over the last 20 years or more . 
no , but i did n't have one tip over , so not a true measure . 
no . there are double digit numbers on each one , all different ( ie . 48 , 32 , 66 ) . the numbers are tiny and at the edge on the bottom of each glass . 
if you are talking about reasonably full quantities ( but not to the very top ) , the ounces are 10 & 16 . 
yes 
no , but its very easy to clean with the removable bottom tray . 
150 degrees is the temp both the convection and regular baking setting begin at . i love this appliance and use it multiple times a day . it 's too hot in fl . to heat up a large oven so this is my go to appliance . ribs , meatloaf , anything that the crock slow cooker ca n't do goes into this oven . it 's also our toaster for daily use . 
hi - its clear glass , but no light inside . 
about 11 `` 
listing says : 17.5 x 15.5 x 9.8 inches ; 13.5 pounds i measure 18d x 19w x 9.75h . inside is 6.25h x 12w x 11.5d . that includes handles and everything . 
i have no idea . i suppose i should . i did n't even know it was non-stick . interior ? the whole unit appears to be stainless . i am used to non-stick being black , like teflon . 
stainless steel 
the blender follows the laws of physics - so of course there 's a lag , caused by inertia . however this does n't seem to be much of an issue . 
yes , i have used it for several different frozen drinks , with and without alcohol . 
it does not make juice , it makes very smooth pulp . we use carrots daily as part of our smoothie blend . we like the smoothie rather than juice as it has the full complement of vitamins and minerals . a juicer will throw off the pulp . 
yes 
you would need a convertor . 
3hp motor in this bad boy , i would say yes even though i 've never made but butter . 
it does n't fit under mine . i live in an older house with a tiny kitchen though 
nope , i have n't noticed any temperature issues . feels like any other mattress i 've slept on ( in that regard at least ) . and it is much cooler than a typical memory foam mattress pad too . 
i emailed the company before buying , and it 's the same dimensions as a twin mattress , although i do n't remember the exact measurements . the owner is more then happy to answer questions . 
they hold about 1 2 cup . i poured about 1 2 cup water into one and it just came to the rim . 
nichole , the answer is yes . i 've been using mine in both my large oven and in my toaster oven to great results ! one thought on use though is that since small-ish things are hard to manipulate in and out of the oven when hot , i 've been placing mine on baking sheets ... .even in the toaster oven . in doing so , if you want super-crisp pie crusts , then you need to bump up the temp just a little bit . however the draw-back here is that at high temps in the toaster oven the broiler element goes on ( ... at least in mine ... ) and you have to protect your top crust edges so they do n't burn . all said ... .i love my little pie dishes ! they are perfect for individual pies ... .easy enough for me to make little ones for holiday baking than big pies ... ..and no messy slicing ! 
totally , that 's how i warm up my meat pies . i bake and freeze ... .though you want to make sure that they are only *cold* when they go in the toaster oven . not frozen ... tempered or not it could break them . 
not entirely sure ... the company is based in ohio . sorry i could n't help more . 
yes , i have used these for work lunches and they heat up nice fridge to stove . 
i have no clue ! contact libby . 
set includes 6- 4.6 '' x2.4 '' ceramic baking dishes made in china shipping weight : 4.20 lbs . those are pretty small . there is an 8-piece set where the pans are 6 '' in diameter . 
no manual..just mix up your juices or yogurt , whatever and freeze ! i found them kind of awkward and gave them away ! you might want to look into the yonanas machine ... you can do sooo much more . orjust freeze your mix in a small paper cup . 
company says `` yes '' . 
it is a nice unit . we have had it running for several months with no problems . my wife is the wine drinker in the house and her only complaint is that the upper section is for reds and it is 1 3 the size of the lower section . also it will only hold 18 bottles . 3 per rack with full sized wine bottles . 
my unit was n't loud i did n't need to use any sound dampening 
the body extends roughly 3 16 inch beyond the door on each side . 
yes at the bottom 
yes it is a flat plug . 
yes , i just tried it . the drawers have room to move through the opening easily if you hug the opposite side wall , no prob ! 
i honestly do n't know . since they can not go in a microwave ( or oven ) i would be afraid to put in the freezer due to extreme cold . i would be afraid they could crack . i love my bowls so much , that even though they say they can go in the dishwasher , i choose to wash by hand . 
this info is under product description on the page : set includes 4 colors : red , orange , green & yellow . set looks ceramic , but is heavy weight melamine for durability and chip resistance . each nest for easy storage and are dishwasher top shelf approved . includes : 1 - 6 qt 1 - 4.2 qt 1 - 2.9 qt 1 - 1.9 qt 4 individual lids 
these bowls are very lightweight , but have the look of ceramic . 
no . the bottom says , `` not for use in microwave ... '' i love these bowls except for that . 
hey to be honest is pretty hard . i bought a mattress top . i was planing to buy it anyway cause i have mattres top in all our beds . 
yes 
ca n't tell you the exact dimensions but it is very small . we ended up putting it in the guest room and someone could sleep on it in a pinch , but basically we started cracking up anytime we sat on it because it looks like doll furniture ... 
the dimensions are listed under product details . the thing to know though is this ends up being quite a small futon . more for a kid than an adult to sleep or sit on . 
33 '' wide , 30 '' height , 16 '' depth 
yes . i have had to re-tighten the screws once but it 's sturdy and will hold 220lbs 
it has an actual drawer . 
no 
that os is not mentioned in the manual , but i have the email address for company : top1accessory @ 163.com . they may be able to answer your question 
it should work . if the tablet has bluetooth , it should . but to be honest with you , this is a pretty scrappy one . i never used mine . it looks like a toy . and is prone to get broken . 
no . reed and barton made this pattern in two grades , 18 10 and 18 0. the set being offered by repertoire is 18 0 . 
no . reed and barton made this pattern in two grades , 18 10 and 18 0. the set being offered by repertoire is 18 0 . 
no 
it 's stamped `` china '' on the back 
it 's a 4 pack 
if your filter system handles standard filters 9.75 '' which is standard for most osmosis system they should work . take one out and look at it you should be able to tell just by looking ? lk gold canyon 
idk there standard 10 '' if this helps 
you need to check with your system for the size that is used ! most 2 & 3 stage osmosis use this type ? 
yes , i feel those would work fine . i 've been buying the omni to1-ss carbon wrapped whole house replacement water filter cartridge for $ 8.00 each , so $ 11 48 for 2 cartridges is a great price . i 've just added them to my wish list so i can order them next time . 
yes , typical set up is stage 1 10 micron filter non carbon stage 2 5 micron carbon block , stage 3 di resin 
neither the packaging material that holds the 4 filters together , nor the individual filters themselves is labeled with the country of origin . perhaps there 's an 800 phone number listed on the website , to connect with a service representative ? ? ? sorry i ca n't answer your question . 
i dont think it 'd seal tight enough like a growler to keep it `` fresh '' as when you buy the beer . you may feel free to try it but i honestly think you 'll have flat beer til you finish it ! 
excellent question , so i asked them directly . official answer from thermos : it is not recommended put the unit into the freezer . the freeze can cause the insulating system to fail causing it not to hold temperature as it should . 
no 
i can only assume so , i have washed it in the dishwasher but i do not use the heat to dry the dishes . 
i think it 's made of pp without any adders . only looking after bpa will not really help . some bpa-free plastics now contain bps , which is maybe much more dangerous . the best is , to reduce plastic as much as possible . 
we have not see that happening , if you mean does it cool down yes it does after many hours 
i ordered mine from amazon , and it was in stock at the time , and showed up in a few days . 
the capresso has a range of settings from fine to coarse . downside : the coffee grounds get a static electrical charge during grinding . when the canister is removed and when pouring the fresh grounds into the coffee pot filter , coffee flies everywhere like crazy . you can let it set after grinding to discharge , but that takes too long for me . 
10 and 1 2 inches 
i have not a `` shelf life test '' . i grind and use immediately . that said , on occasion , i 'm not always exact when it comes to grinding the right the amount of beans for the amount of coffee whether for french press or espresso . in that case , i typically use the leftover amount the next day . good luck ! 
moderate . in our case , the bedroom is down the hall from the kitchen and with a closed door you can barely hear the sound and if one of us is sleeping , it will not wake us up . if you are in the kitchen , you will not want to try talking over its sound . 
china 
this machine is great , but t only makes 3-4 cups at a time . i suggest getting ben & jerry 's ice cream book because their recipes are about this size . the french vanilla is oui oui ! ! 
the link below is to the breville warranty page . i did have some problems with a return , however the breville customer service folks cleared it up . http : www.brevilleusa.com warranty 
yes and it works pretty well . 
the freezer can lifts out when the ice cream is done . remove all the ice cream from the can and then wash the can , paddle and lid under warm soapy water . occasionally if you put too much cream in it will overflow slightly but again , remove the freezer can , wash it as described , then if there 's any liquid around the rubber gasket on the machine , take a damp towel and run around the rim , wiping all the overflow off ; you may or may not have some liquid in the bottom of the machine , but just a quick wipe with a damp towel gets it up in short order . 
yes it does , very good quality 
the bowl is an ( aluminum ? ) bucket . it gets very cold ... well below zero f.there is likely a thin glaze of freeze but nothing that i ever saw as a nuisance 
as i recall , yes ... .but there are a gazillion more recipes on the net 
there are a few differences ... none of them that big of a deal . the pot , all of its electrical components , fondue forks and the thin , contoured aluminum fork holder that rests on the inside of the pot are all exactly the same . the 3ss is basically a stripped down version of the cfo-1000 . if there are 3 or more eaters , or if you have children , the cfo-1000 is a better way to go because , 1. the pot is slightly more elevated off the table ( less chance of knocking over drinks and taller table items ) but is considerably more stable due to its quite broad poly plastic legs , which are securely attached to the bottom of the pot , 2. the cfo comes with the lazy susan and while it may look gimmicky , it is very functional and is a great place to put your meats , seafood , veggies , etc and it glides nicely on the stainless steel track ( i do n't recommend placing your dipping sauces in these trays as the sauces get pretty nasty and swirled up after about 4 dunks each , 3. cfo comes with a nice glass lid , which is safe so you can cover the hot liquids while not eating and is useful if you use the pot for deep-frying ... , which you certainly can do . bottom line : both the cfo-100 & the cfo-3ss are awesome fondue sets ! one simply is a bit better for 3 or more eaters or if kids are eating . enjoy ! ! ! 
sally , it is not detachable from the base . however , the metal lazy susan ring is detachable . the base unit itself was still easy to clean . 
sao sorry , i do n't know . i bought 2 as gifts . what i do know is both recipients absolutely love this . very well made . 
the settings on the thermometer go to 8. for cheeses and chocolates , the highest you will ever need is 4.5-5 maximum . 
did on my bed . 
i 'm not sure . it fit king duvet perfectly . it 's warm and looks beautiful ! 
goes into a duvet , but i just use it under my quilt as is ... it 's very warm and cozy . 
inside filled 
in my opinion the fill power is a 10 , it will fill your duvet and even after it has been washed will still have the same quality to refill another duvet 
unknown but it feels very soft , its very warm , made well . 
polyester 
glass jar 
this is a just below average blender , i bought it specifically for making smoothies . i saw it in our local grocery store , so i was able to really look it over before i bought it . however , the `` smoothie button '' is a load of garbage . i use frozen fruit and frozen veggies , liquid , and yogurt . i always put the liquid and yogurt in first and still i have to use the pulse button to get everything mixed ( i have to keep stopping to mix with a utensil ) and then i have to leave it on the puree button to really get it to blend smoothly . considering i use it twice a day everyday it 's kind of annoying , but while it 's blending i get time to clean up . bottom line it 's takes too long for making smoothies , it is very loud , and worst of all it leaks , there is not a good seal no matter how tight i try to make it . is it a good value for the money ? i would have rather spent the money on the ninja . hope this helps ! 
the blender holds 40 oz . i ca n't say enough about how great this blender is . cuts through ice cuts like butter . has an auto smoothie setting . i highly recommend this blender . nothing negative at all about it . 
with the lid on , the spout is the highest point and mine measures 15 1 4 '' high . 
yes , of course . you can even make soup . 
i put it in the dishwasher top shelf or hand wash it . it 's easy . 
only 110v 
standard outlet 
no , it does not . also ... this is a terrible product and i would strongly encourage you to look at something else . 
glass 
no.that is a cooker , not freezer . and rice turn into bad before it getting smelly . 
hello ... it does not support 220 , but it is well worth the cost of a transformer . 
no it does n't come with detachable inner lid . only hs and hv models no english translation . 
the buttons are in english . 
this model only comes with black and silver shown in picture . thank you . 
it has keep-warm function , but does n't have `` reheat '' . 
margaret - the cabinet is 35 '' wide x 30 '' tall and 11 3 4 '' deep on the shelves . the top has an overhang , which makes it 13 '' deep . it has a nice solid look and feel to it . be careful putting the screws in to anchor the top . one of the screws came through the top on mine and we had to back it out , leaving a rough spot on the top surface . 
absolutely . they are sturdy enough for me to sit on ( 135 lbs . ) . 
this 2 shelf bookcase is particle board with a cherry veneer as you would expect for the price . i noticed no formaldehyde smell but likely formaldehyde has been used in the particle board . otherwise a good low cost product the final appearance of which depends upon your execution of the assembly instructions . 
it 's that thin cardboardy stuff that you unfold and nail to the back . it does match the wood finish . 
yes . it is very sturdy , not to mention good looking . 
item weight 43 pounds product dimensions 13.2 x 35.3 x 29.9 inches item model number 414238 assembled height 29.88 inches assembled length 13.25 inches weight 48.4 pounds 
414238 
110v only - i actually had to replace a unit because like an idiot i hooked up to a 220v outlet overseas . 
the metal parts are hot just like a teakettle on the stove . it holds about two cups of water that will boil in four minutes . they are well made . i use mine several times a day for tea water . 
hi carol , well it does n't brew , it 's just a kettle meaning it only heats the water . - so is only for pouring into a cup in which you have put the tea or instant coffee . the max line is exactly two cups : 16 oz . 
about one minute and forty five seconds . 
i do n't know precisely but it 's very light . i would compare it to the weight of an avocado if that makes any sense . it weighs less than my ceramic coffee mug . 
on the bottom of the unit it says made in china . 
no it is not . us 110 with a three prong plug . must use converter and adaptor elsewhere . 
the lid is plastic . steam will condense on the plastic lid and drip back into the kettle . you can use it without the lid and then there are no plastic parts in contact with the water . 
this is completely stainless steel inside the kettle . only the lid , handle , and base are plastic . all the parts that touch water are stainless . 
it was one set ( 2 panels ) , 29 3 4 '' wide . 
yes 
sorry , i do n't know for sure , but doubtful . had to leave town to care for mother before my son stained and installed the doors , so have n't even yet seen them . i would contact the manufacturer if i were you . 
yes . 
good morning , the doors are made out of taeda pine out of brazil . please let me know if you have any other questions . thank you 
yes ... . and the quality is very good ! 
no , they come in 24 '' or 30 '' 
thank you for your message charles , and i apologize for it taking me so long to respond to you ! unfortunately , we do not carry oak doors . however , our pine doors are beautiful , feel free to look at all the pictures we have of them ! thank you , angie 
i believe it is 1500 
yes . i use it for chill nights at spring and autumn . 
united states . and they are beautiful . just excellent . the picture can not capture how excellent her linens are in person . 
yes . treat it just as you would any standard pillow . 
is n't velcro but stays in place while you 're typing 
yes but very bulky . 
yeah anything that has bluetooth capability will work with the keyboard 
i would say yes as long as , its a galaxy s3 
yes 
according to the sauder web sit the bath storage unit is : 17 5 8 '' w x 11 1 2 '' d x 31 1 4 '' h 
17 1 2 '' wide x 30 '' high ( 31 1 2 '' including the lip around the top ) x 10 1 2 deep 
in the description on the amazon site . product details product dimensions : 17.6 x 11.5 x 31.3 inches shipping weight : 26.2 pounds ( view shipping rates and policies ) 
you need to put the top , bottom , back and sides together . the back in nailed on and the sides and top are attached with pins and screws . the doors are a bit tricky to install . i had to attach the hinges loosely before installing as the hinges are european and they are a very tight fit . once you get the mounting screws installed , then tighten the hinge mounting screws . if you put the hinge on as directed , you can strip out the hinge mounting predrilled holes . if you damage the holes , you may not be able to tighten the screws . also , the hinges need to be adjusted so the doors line up properly . hope this helps . 
yes . there are two shelves in the unit plus the bottom so there are three 'shelves ' , two of which can be adjusted . 
yes . i store 4 bath towels inside it with room to spare . 
you can probably leave off the `` rim '' on the top but there will be holes you will have to contact the manufacturer for something to cover them . 
i use a full fitted sheet on this air mattress and it works perfect 
yes ... same size as a regular double bed 
yes , this mattress works perfect .on a full size fold out couch . 
the enclosure is at the outer edge of the pillow . 
this seller ( feeling pampered ) is an importer , as is mentioned in their profile . i wash my pillowcases before putting them on the bed . i do n't baby the pillowcases ; they get washed & dried on medium along with other bedding & i use my normal detergent . they come out perfectly & hold up very well . silk only 'feels ' delicate ; it 's actually hardy ! 
do n't know , never had a satin one . but it feels cooler than my cotton and flannel ones and my hair is less tangled . 
this is shipping from los angeles , california usa 
this case is not polyester `` silk '' , it is pure , natural silk . it is a great case and washes well , without shrinking . i hope this helps . 
machine washable cold water delicate cycle but i do n't put it in the dryer 
right here : http : www.amazon.com plum-purple-pillowcase-beauty-sleep dp b009083vqs ref=sr_1_7 ? s=bedbath & ie=utf8 & qid=1362007975 & sr=1-7 
hi aj , you should contact the store you purchased from and get assistance . if you purchased from us , please contact us at our customer support and we 'll be happy to help you resolve any issues . sincerely , mark 
this table is 26 x 51 x 19h 
no . my coffee table is 50 '' in length . 
yes . 
cleaning up from juicing does n't have to be a hassle . with this breville 30 pack of clean & green juicer bags , clean up is quick and simple . designed to fit easily into the external pulp bins of breville juicers , these bags catch all of your pulp , and since they 're made from 100 % compostable , biodegradeable gmo free corn starch , you can just toss the whole bag into your compost bin . the bags will naturally biodegrade in just 3 months . each bag holds 6 liters . 
yes , the bje030 clean and green pulp container bags are usable with the pulp container on the bje510xl juice fountain multi speed . 
it is about 90 % assembled , the glass shelf has to be unpacked and the pins placed before the shelf can be installed . we added a second glass shelf . also there is the electrical cable and plug to arrange . the final set up is to adjust the feet to stabilize the cabinet . we have 2 of them and have been very satisfied . 
hello , according to the product description , the dimensions are 47.25 w ( 120 cm ) x 14 d ( 36 cm ) x 33 h ( 84 cm ) . the dimensions found under product details refer to shipping dimensions , and may include packaging . i hope this helps ! 
thank you for posting your question . the dimensions of the cabinet are 33 '' high x 47.25 '' wide x 14 '' deep . the other dimensions would be the shipping dimensions . hope this helps 
yes , it is . it 's a white liner . it 's a great bucket ! 
i do n't know what size your carafe is , but this is a pretty deep bucket . you should be able to sit it in and put a small amount of ice around it . 
yes 
i have the vrt 330 and it takes up very little counter space . the 350 , i believe , is configured differently and takes up more horizontal counter space . i prefer the 330 for ease of cleaning , also . i believe they have the same power and the end results in the juice is basically the same , so i think is boils down to appearance . anyone else have a different experience ? sorry , i am way off base on this answer . the 350 is simply a heavier duty model of the 330 , but the same configuration -- standing upright . i have the 330 and it works just fine for me . the 350 has a heavier duty auger , but appears to be the same otherwise , for size and hp . sorry for the confusion in my previous answer . i guess i should have done my homework first ! 
absolutely . 
standard 120v . 
oh yeah . i just juiced pomegranate yesterday works great ... 
yes . 
yes it is . this product includes care instructions that can be found on the back of the packaging and on a sewn tag . 
i use it without a comforter in the summer and when the weather gets cool i put in a comforter or quilt . 
yes there is an ivory microfiber bed skirt that would match , i would recommend the chocolate or taupe for contrast depending on your headboard and room decor . http : www.bedbathbay.com microfiber-bed-skirt-p 1743.htm , please use the link to see our options and thank you for your inquiry . 
it is not as described.its beige . at least mine is . 
yes , i would think so . it 's a light champagne colored set . perhaps more taupe than champahe , but it is a tiny bit metallic , which lends itself more to a champagne coloration . i will also say , i have had this set for maybe 3-4 years , it 's still my favorite , and has held up very well , with only minor pilling , and the loss of two buttons . 
the size should be 106x92 for the king cal king 
not so much gold , more beige . nice set though ... 
you do n't have to but it will be very flat if you do n't . i put a medium weight goes down from costco in mine and it looks great ! you can pick up a down alternate comforter for $ 49 at tj maxx or marshalls and that 'll do the trick too without busting your wallet . 
no there was n't . 
yes you can but if you did i 'd put a couple of tblsp of water in the side not being used . i use egg beaters that is premixed and always use both sides the extra omelette i put in the refig to eat the next day . 
three is about the limit if you are going to use veggies along with them . i have n't tried just a plain egg omelet so i ca n't tell you for sure about that . it really makes a good omelet , albeit a tad slower than i thought , but still is fun to use and yummy outcomes : ) 
no , the light on top is only on when it 's heating up ( and goes off when it 's ready to use ) or when it 's coming back on to maintain its temperature . there is no indication of when the omelet is done except the suggestions for timing in the booklet and some trial-and-error . my husband likes to make sure the eggs are fully cooked , so i load up the omelet ( three eggs , about 1.5 eggs per side , plus the fixings ) and set the microwave timer for a little more than 11 minutes , and it 's done . works every time consistently once you figure out the timing that 's best for you . 
i believe it is a 120 volt . i just plugged it into my wall . 2 pronged . 
110v only 
no . 
yes it is ! 
i would say yes because it cleans the air an helps with particles that fly in the air big difference makes the air alot easier to breath an it 's a lot cleaner . hope this helps i really like mine very much glad i bought it . 
i have no pets now , however ; i taught my cats and a cocker spaniel to let me vacuum them . scared at first , but then they loved it ( especially during the high- shedding time of the year ) . i lost these pets long before i got the air machine . i would say that you could just use a hand held vac up to the front cover of it to clean it off . the filters are inside the box and should no be affected by the hair . i hope this helps 
hi ellenbogen california has an emissions law against ozone producing machines . the only way you can get a machine is if i send it to a business they are allowed to have them . yes it is a dumb law but you can own one but i ca n't ship it to you . if you have a friend out of state i can ship it there and they can send it to you i just ca n't do it.hope i answered your question you can call me toll free lou lombardi 800-868-5534 thanks . 
hey rudy 3.500 square feet . any questions call me lou lombardi toll free 800-868-5534 . ( note of course this all has to do with the air flow of your home or office . the person with the conflicting square feet is wrong it has always been 3,500 square feet no more no less ) . 
hi april this would be the unit that help eliminate the worst of the urine smells ozone is a great oxidizer . there is some things to know to help you with this problem i have been in the carpet cleaning business for over 40 years . so if you have carpet you should have it cleaned first to remove most of the urine steam truck mount should be your best bet on powerful deep down urine removal . there also is a difference if it is a cat or dog . cats have a stronger urine then a dog and that is from the kind of food cats eat . now you should have the purifier in the room with the worst urine odor that will help the odor for migrating to other parts of the house . i also can give you more ideas of thing you can do so if you would like a more personal assessment of your problem just give me a toll free call . 800-868-5534 i do take call just about anytime even on sundays thanks lou hope i was of some help . 
hey felix i wish ! that would be fantastic . no not a heater just a air purifier sorry thanks lou . 
yes 
yes 
they are black . 
it is bi-cast leather which is real leather with pu coating for easy maintenance . 
yes , it is entirely covered by leather . only inside lining is fabric 
i use it more for support of the lumbar area while i 'm sitting up on the bed . this pillow 's material is tougher harder than most memory foam pillows or even most memory mattress toppers , thus sleeping with it underneath my back all night becomes too uncomfortable . hope that helps . 
16 '' long , 8 '' wide & 4 '' high at highest part 
amazon does n't say . ask the manufacturer . does it really matter ? it 's really the best pillow i 've ever used . i never regret buying it . it will last . 
16 '' long x 8 '' wide x 4 '' high 
the d shape pillow is 16 '' in length , 8 '' wide at the base and 4 '' in height 
yes . no problems there . 
i would n't recommend it . it 's not the sturdiest cabinet because it 's a media cabinet . the back is just cardboard with cutouts for your cables . also the top , which is very pretty , is veneer so the fridge would probably end up damaging it . 
it 's pretty sturdy . 70 lbs should be fine as long as the footprint of the fridge fits . 
not sure . we just have a stereo turntable on top . 
yes there is one big hole for each rack . 
18.5 inches 
it 's not tall enough for two rows . one , yes . 
the top is 22 '' wide by 21 '' deep . it 's 32 '' tall . the top overhangs by about 3 4 inch on all sides . it 's really very nice . 
top bunk is 150 
yes 
they should . you have to read the fine point . we almost ordered a regular twin . 
no , there are vertical wooden supports under the queen bed . 
yes , i keep it on the bed all the time . queen bed , fits very nicely 
thank you for your question . the back is beige ( lighter beige ) color , solid no design or decor on it . please do not hesitate to write if you have any question or concern . 
i love this set . but i would advise you to wait until you receive it to pick up one of the peachy pinks in the set . 
yes , the bedspread and two shams . 
the colors are brighter than pic shows . i liked it better when i received it . the blue in mine is an aqua blue . the color on the picture is not exactly the true color . i hope this helps . 
not sure but does a good job keeping corn warm . kettle is weak link with this unit . went through 2 in 4 months . 5 yr. warranty is a joke . kettle only has 30 day warranty . 
measurements are 18 '' wide 15 '' deep and 30 '' tall 
hello and thank you for this information . i believe you will need to order the full gear with bushing assembly . that can be purchased for $ 9.95 . please call us at ( 800 ) 665-0728. thank you . 
yes it is 
not sure if it has a warranty as i have owned mine for a couple of years now . great machine , no issues . probably has a limited warranty from the mfg . 
110. i have it set up in my family room . 
no , they do not . thanks . 
8 oz . 
hi , the cups are 5 3 4 '' tall and 2 1 2 '' wide . they hold 8oz of liquid . thanks 
no , they are the same on the inside and outside , my kids love them and i do n't worry that they will break ! 
yes , absolutely . 
i found the ratings in their product manual on their website . smoke - 197 dust - 197 pollen - 214 these values are in cubic feet per minute and represent the clean air delivery rate into the room that would be required to reduce the contaminants by the same amount as the air purifier . https : s3.amazonaws.com winix-production-1 spree products manuals 000 000 002 original freshome_series_user_manual.pdf ? 1397750910 
yes but under 0.05ppm ... . http : urbanclinic.net 2011 08 13 what-you-need-to-know-about-ozone-and-air-purifiers 
you can turn off the plasmawave by holding the auto button for 3 seconds . 
yes 
not much . i bought the 5300 version for my office at work and this p300 for home . i think it is the style and look honestly . i had the same question when i was buying the 5300 for work and all filtration layers and technology seemed the same . the p300 has the air intake on the sides where the 5300 intake is in the front both discharge out the top . 
no . the sides are where the intake vents are located . this would cut the airflow in half and make the purifier not as effective . it also would be really unstable as the sides are not square . 
8-5 8 w x 19-3 8 h - sides one adjustable shelf 19-3 8 x 19-3 8 - center two adjustable shelves 15-1 2 deep 
no it does not stand on wheels . i 've have it standing on laminate so its pretty easy to move around . 
yes , there is one hole for each of the middle shelves . 
39 1 2 length & 15 1 2 width and 21 ' high . good for small apartment and condominium . 
yes , it does , but let me tell you , it 's very , very small ! 
i did n't put a tv on mine , but i would n't think it would be strong enough for an older tube tv . i 'd look for a stand designed to hold more weight . 
h : 23.5 in w : 12 in l : 23.5 in ; also side note i 've only found one type of bag that fits this unit it is , simplehuman size d 20l . 
it is short but i love the unit ! i have a household of 3 and we cook a lot so we use the third section for compost . the only compartment that could be bigger is the one for recycling ... lots of junk mail and cardboard it fills quickly . 
product in inches ( l x w x h ) : 23.8 x 13.4 x 23.8 
product in inches ( l x w x h ) : 23.8 x 13.4 x 23.8 
product in inches ( l x w x h ) : 23.8 x 13.4 x 23.8 
you can mix one or two cups directly in dispenser if using only pancake mix and water . it is hard to mix up and stir . if adding oil , eggs or egg white , some sort of milk ( dairy or non-dairy ) and some other item , better to mix separately . keep batter loose to dispense otherwise it does n't come out of small whole on bottom . 
~2.5 cups 
thank seem to be okay . but it is very small good for making 4 or 5 pancakes 
yes . very sturdy metal 
do n't know about raspberries , but it works great for blackberries . 
there was enough info to put it together for its purpose . 
there are 3 sizes . large , medium and small . i have used all 3. i made tomato paste and the small is a fine grind . i liked it . 
no , it does not . i pause occasionally and remove it manually . this way , i am able to discard the pulp , not have it enter the final product . 
it seems to be normal because mine looks the same . 
it may be unfortunately we do not have anyone here who has tried it that way . 
sort of . there is a slat ( much like the ones on the sides ) running along the bottom that connects the ends ( much like the sides ) . 
12.5 '' w x 14.0 '' d x13.5h it 's quite spacious take for instance my miles davis 40th anniversary bitches brew vinyl box set fits in there comfortably . 
veneer , easy to put together but it is a corner unit . 
this desk is available in white , black and mission oak . the espresso finish will be available shortly . this finish is temporarily on backorder . 
here is the full description i have on this item . no house is complete in the modern era without a convenient home office . why settle for a solution that clutters your home when this contemporary espresso corner desk can save you space and add style ? on the top , a circular cord keeper is recessed into the surface near the corner to guide and organize all of your computer cords . the front drawer folds down to reveal a retractable tray that allows you to store your keyboard and mouse dust free and out of sight . approximately 14 '' above the floor , a 6.5 '' deep shelf lines the back edge of the desk along the wall for easily accessible storage of books , disks or other computer gadgets . both a stylish and useful piece of furniture , this corner computer desk is a must have for every home . * 48 '' w x 32.25 '' d x 30 '' h * lower shelf : 6.5 '' d x 11.75 '' h * keyboard tray : 28 '' w x 12 '' d * rich espresso finish * slide out keyboard tray * cord management * assembly required 
about 3 feet 
approximately 14 '' above the floor , a 6.5 '' deep shelf lines the back edge of the desk along the wall for easily accessible storage of books , disks or other computer gadgets . * 48 '' w x 32.25 '' d x 30 '' h * lower shelf : 6.5 '' d x 11.75 '' h * keyboard tray : 28 '' w x 12 '' d 
i do n't believe it is , i always hand wash mine . 
i would n't put anything hot in it even though it 's double walled the heat of the coffee or cocoa could make it uncomfortable to handle . i feel that the glass and straw could hold up to the heat . 
just one tumbler . the picture is showing the pictures design on each side . 
i believe so yes 
the measurements for the area where the frames fit into are 18 inches tall , 10 inches wide and 2 inches deep . hope this helps . 
no , i just put on floor while spinning and then put on small table with 5 ga. bucket and filter below , then open the spigot . works fine . 
if the racks are turning the handle is turning . 
yes it works fine on medium .also will do 4 smale frams also . 
tangential 
it 's pretty deep ... i have a king with pillow top and i still have a bit of room left . 
i have n't tested it , but i highly doubt it since it 's a cotton blend . cotton blends are n't usually water proof unless it has been treated with some type of chemical solution . unless the item is specified as being water proof , it is not . if it was water proof , i 'm sure the mattress cover would not breath and cause the body to sweat . 
yes , it is six-sided coverage . 
the measurements i am sure are mattress size specific ... for my queen size it 's 15 '' with lots of room to spare . hope that helps . 
nope ! 
i did n't find a crease attachment , but i like it with that pull-down panel and with that i can make creases in my pants it takes a little getting used to how to maneuver it but it is not that hard , i can steam press my clothes really quick . however , as far as cuffs & collars it comes out better if you use an iron in those areas . i checked to find the best steamer available and this model was in the hammacher schlemmer catalog as being the best of the best . i despise ironing but love my clothes steamer ... full disclosure , i paid full price for it and did not receive anything for endorsing this product . 
there 's an attachment with stuff brush bristles ( not entirely sure why ) and a soft slip cover for delicate fabrics . also a handheld lint brush , but as it does n't attach to the hose i think of it as more of a bonus gift than as an attachment . 
i think we have it on a 110. sorry that i do not have an answer . 
no . still the best steamer i have ever owned . 
sorry , i live in the usa so not familiar with uk restrictions . 
no you ca n't adjust the steam . but , it does disperse the steam very well . 
i have n't noticed that . i 've been using it for awhile . if i fill it too high there is too much steam and makes the garment wet , other than that i have n't picked up my iron since i bought it . 
it works well , i purchased it on sale so the cost difference was n't an issue . 
these are not waterproof . 
no it does not , it is really made for a very deep mattress and therefore there is a lot od extra material , and the bottom material that is use on this cover is very filmsy and rips very easy . i would not recommend this . 
no , that 's why i returned it . there for hats that the brim is bent . we do n't bend are caps so i had to return 
as far as the manufacturers abilities , no . but you can always do a little altering as i did . 
hi gloria . i have found no adjustment for strengh of the coffee . you can only select the cup size . i have tried brewing another cup using the previously used k-cup ; however , it comes out `` watered down '' . my suggestion is to find a milder or stronger type as you desire . 
you ca n't . the smaller the cup , the stronger the coffee . 
you have to use k-cup style in order to fit in the machine however many brands of coffee offer the k-cup format . the coffee maker comes with a reusable k-cup that can be filled with your favorite coffee if your brand does n't have k-cups or you want to save money . 
yes , using filters is done like coffee , thanks for your inquiry 
yes . the filter is in the water reservoir . 
i use all kinds of k cups just not the vue . 
we dump water into the reservoir when low . if your faucet is hooked up to a filter you 'll be all set . 
no you must purchase that separately 
there 's no storage components with this particular bed . 
yes . search the bomber jacket bed . it comes in a brown distressed leather . 
yes it is on the right side at the back . i suppose if you used a funnel to get the water in the pot it would work better . 
yes . you can choose 2 hour or 4 hour . really like this coffee maker . 
28 inches 
it appears to be the same plastic as the outside of the coffee pot . 
no , just something kind of ugly 
hot , but very slow 
the printed materials accompanying this product are at the bare minimum . however , you can just load the pot with your ingredients and press the button that says `` soup '' ( or rice , or ... ) . we mostly make porridge and rice . any standard pressure-cooker recipe will work , as you can select how long to cook on the front panel and then the cooker heats up and cooks quietly until the food is done . 
it has a capacity of 5 liters , which is equal to 1.5 gallons or 6 quarts . the last digit in the model number `` bt900xl5 '' indicates this is a 5-litre cooker . 
i would assume that of the local atmospheric pressure at your altitude . that is what it was in my past pressure cookers . that 's about 14 psi . john 
i think it is made in china . people there use this kind of pressure cookers . 
110 plug 
the house crest is about the size of an adult hand and the tassels are a notable detail . 
hello . yes , it did . 
10 '' x 10 1 2 '' 
not sure but its a light cart and i use it as a side cart . its not sturdy enough to be used for a center island . 
there is room for it to be there but there would have to be some holes drilled or something . i ca n't tell how the towel bar was attached so i ca n't totally say it can be . my son put it together for me and i have no idea how it goes together . 
we gave it as a gift so i do n't have it here . it 's about15 '' from the floor . they are very light duty , ok for a small micorwave and some odds and ends . i would n't buy again . 
i bought it for my son 's 1st apt . it has two drawers , kitchen towel rack on the side , but we also put his microwave on top because he has no counter space . it is on wheels , and although it is n't the strongest piece of furniture , it is adequate for small things and his microwave . 
i hand wash not machine wash 
not all of those at once , but it could do a 12 oz can , a lunch tupperware , and a little snack all together . 
the size of this lunch sack is 4 x 7 x 13 inches . i am not sure what 's the dimension of your rubbermaid lunch box but if it is smaller than 4 x 7 x 13 inches , then it would definitely fit . 
i have always used a small coolie with it and it has done well in keeping things cold . i think it would depend on the tempature outside also . 
yes it would work very well . my wife said it would be perfect for that . 
i do n't know the exact dimensions , but it 's a little larger than a brown paper lunch sack . it is perfect for a lunch . 
safeway , winco , cvs ( some stores ) , walgreens ( some stores ) , heb , supervalu , wegmans , walmart.com 
2 separate bowls . 
i would n't see why not . i 'd use something like a paper towel or napkin though , a plastic lid might not be permeable enough . also , i 've never noticed any kind of mess in my microwave after using it without a lid . 
yes 
i 'm not sure what material they are . when i bought them i thought they was cotton . i checked the tags on all the pieces and the descriptive inserts in the zippered pouch they came in , but there is no description of the material fabric used except for `` brushed microfiber '' . i will say they are very soft , and comfortable . we love them . they fit the mattress well even after multiple washings and there is no slippage at the corners . sorry i could not give you a definite yes or no . i hope this info helped . 
it 's microfiber so the rating is supposed to be the equivalent of cotton 1800 thread count . i got these sheets in a blue and i 'd buy them again in a heart beat . 
i think it is mentioned it is 55 pounds . i carried it . it seems that number can be accurate ( or maybe a little less than that ) 
i would n't . it does n't take well to moisture at all . very prone to mold . 
as the others have responded , it is very large for a washing machine . you might be able to find a machine large enough at a laundromat , but then i can not say how it will effect the stuffing . you should n't have to wash it anyway . rolling it up regularly will keep the stuffing fluffed aired out and taking a broom to it once in a while will really liven it up . if you really need to have it cleaned i would suggest taking it to a dry cleaners . i 'm sure they would be able to help assist advise you on what to do . if you 're worried about the smell it has from the packaging you should leave it out in the sun for a few days . if you keep a sheet on it you wo n't notice it anyway . i highly recommend this product and absolutely love sleeping on it . hope you decide to get one and find joy and comfort in yours as well ! 
it 's definitely 60 '' x 80 '' . also the cover can be removed , but considering it has quilted yarn , that would have to be removed , you may not want to remove it . 
yes they are machine washable . 
no they do not have a zipper . i was unsure of what size to get and went with the 22x22 . should have gone bigger . i like them really full . 
yes they do . snug fit , looks great . 
depends on if the pan has handles that stick out . i have a 9x13 pan that fits in it but it is a perfect rectangle . 
yes it does . to be honest , seems like they all do . nevertheless , the unit is great . 
there will be some some firmness in the knobs because it is new , over time the knobs will become much easier to turn . 
the letters on mine do n't show any wear yet - i 've only had it for 6 months though . 
no it does not advance . it is not connected to the door or hinge . it is stationary . i hope this helps . as an additional tidbit , i just used the oven for the first time this morning . i baked two pans of frozen sweet rolls . one orange glazed , the other , cream cheese glazed . the instructions say to place them in a cold oven . then turn oven on to 350 degrees and bake for 30 min . i can tell you for a fact that they baked perfectly . obviously , i baked one pan at a time . the second pan went in while the oven was still warm . the instructions said that if you have a preheated oven to just reduce the baking time . which i did . perfect . my staff loved them . i am so glad i made this purchase ! 
1300 watt . very happy with this model . plenty powerful enough and convection works great . 
the writing portion is stationary ; does not fold . 
yes . there is a fair sized void under the desktop that runs the full width of the desk . there is also ah hole for cables in the back center of the desk into this void . the hole comes with one of those plastic fillers ( not sure of the proper name ) that you often see in desks that are designed to allow computer cables through . 
i have a black one . i never saw this brown pic . but for sure its dark black and your really enjoy this . besure your a handy person it comes in many parts . and you need to be sure the right person installs for you . but its really nice 
yes 
thee desk it 's self is pretty heavy , you have to make sure it is screwed into the studs , has a metal bare that runs across to hang on the wall then you slide the back into that . it 's very sturdy and lays flat against the wall . i bought white for my granddaughter and she loves it . i would n't sit on it , she has her monitor and printer on main shelf and all kinds of other stuff on the small shelves . 
its great for bread too ! ! ! it adjusts to the size of the item you put in the slots . i have even toasted hamburger buns with success ! ! ! ! 
it is approximately , 11 1 2 by 11 1 2 '' . larger than what i expected . 
two easily removable ( and easy to clean ) crumb trays , each the size of two slots . 
yes it does . the lever can also be raised a bit so the toast comes up some . i 've not had a problem with it . i like this toaster . it toasts evenly and well , and it 's nice and hot for melting butter : ) i have the two-slice though but it 's likely built the same way . 
yes , it 's only 120v 
yes , there is a cancel button . 
in the event you mean lead crystal . there is nothing to indicate that , my opinion is no not at this price . they are very nice will make any couple proud to have them of their special occasion . i do recommend them . 
dear customer we ship only within the 48 contiguous states in the usa . however , if you know someone within the united states who would forward the purchased item to you , you can place an order with us and mention the contact 's address in the `ship to ' address field . thank you , stores123 . 
we do not offer engraving on this product . 
yes , they can be engraved and there 's an additional cost . follow this link for pricing and engraving options : http : yourformalwearstore.carlsoncraft.com celebration-supplies glassware zb-zbk20772-raindrop-flutes-with-swirl-stand.pro # imageselect=110689 thanks 
i 'm not an expert on engraving , but i certainly do n't see any reason why they could n't be ! 
hello anne . there is no indication that this jug is bpa free nor do i expect it to be so . a good majority of containers ( especially those used in the fields of medicine or other sciences ) contain bpa to improve the overall durability of the plastic . it is also important to note that this item is not made from hdpe but from ldpe- the description is a bit misleading to some . 
jugs we received were clearly labeled ldpe on bottom . greg 
you need to get the catalog of united states plastic corporation ( 1-800-537-9724 ) . it has a very , very detailed list of all chemicals that can and can not be stored in containers made of various plastics such as hdpe , ldpe , pp ( polypropylene ) , pvc , etc . generally , hdpe , ldpe , and pp can store about 99 % of all chemicals . the very few chemicals that ca n't be stored in hdpe and ldpe can be stored in pp . the very few chemicals that ca n't be stored in pp can be stored in hdpe and ldpe . i purchased 7 hdpe wide mouth one-gallon jugs from u.s. plastic corp. 2 years ago and they are still functioning extremely , extremely well despite severe and continuous daily abuse . my 7 handled , one-gallon jugs all say , `` hdpe '' on the bottom of the jugs . my 13 square-shaped , one-gallon jars all say , `` hdpe '' on the bottom of the jars : http : www.usplastic.com catalog item.aspx ? itemid=41660 http : www.usplastic.com catalog item.aspx ? itemid=26156 http : www.usplastic.com catalog item.aspx ? sku=66300 http : www.calpaclab.com chemical-chart-containers http : www.calpaclab.com chemical-chart-containers # ldpe_hdpe http : www.usplastic.com their plastics catalog is free . note : 1.000 gallon equals 128.00 fluid ounces . note : 63.00 millimeters equals 2.4803 inches . 
about 4 inches 
no , just makes it very soft . the sheets are very breathable . i do n't actually notice it as `` microfiber '' at all . they are n't thick or textured , just so soft . 
i have the dark brown , they have kept the color well even after lots of washing 
technically , yes , though my experience has been that there are usually some little bits of coffee grounds swirling around in the water when you do . my best advice would be to run it on the smallest cup setting as a rinse cycle , toss that water , and then refill using whatever size you want . 
they are all the same size ! : ) 
according to the product description , 4 oz. , 6 oz. , 8 oz. , 10 oz . and 12 oz . 
yes . just run it without a k-cup . the only problem is you ca n't head up more than the amount of 1 large coffee cup 's worth of hot water . so , if you want more than 1 cup 's worth of soup , this probably wo n't work . 
yes =works just like the b70 . very nice unit . 
yes 
no settings other than choosing the cup size , which can dictate the strength of the coffee . in the morning i take a large mug to work so i use a full body , deep , dark roast . however if i am having a 2nd cup at home i will use a light breakfast blend with a smaller cup size . if you drink coffee you will love this machine . period . 
one year 
the auto on time and auto off time functions operate independently from one another . to cancel either set function , follow the steps above and use the `` h '' and `` m '' buttons to advance to 12:00 am . make sure the `` m '' button is set to :00 , then change the `` h '' button . when you reach 12:00 am , the control center will indicate `` off '' and the function will be disabled . i copied this from the manual but if that does n't work leave it unplugged although they claim you can leave it on all the time . hope this helps 
no , i never use more than one k-cup ... it all just depends on how strong you like your coffee to be . if you have a super big mug though , i might double up . sometimes i do combine flavors though . keeps things interesting ! enjoy your keurig ! 
1 year full parts , 3 years compressor . pls see details at highseer.com ( select information library button ) . 
sure . that is ok. max difference should be less than 15 feet . 
this was installed by my son at his house . i believe it came pre-charged with refrigerant . you 'll either need professional installation or at least be reasonably familiar with these systems . i advise against trying it yourself without a reasonable level of `` know-how '' . 
our defrost comes on when we turn it on and then comes on when needed 
no . freight only . goes on a palette . 
i only have the main inverter so do n't know . not very happy with it . only cools main area 
sorry i do n't know how large of my frying pan , but i think mine is about 10 inch because it fits perfect 
that is the inner lip size . 
the spikes are not sharp enough to pierce the tomato ... ? try to hold the safety guard at an angle , while holding the slicer at less of an angle . the safety guard dose not hold the tomato or what ever your slicing it just pushes or guides it through the blades . 
kind of . i 've made slaw a few times with this thing already . i kinda depends how you like your slaw . long stringy parts , or thinly sliced cross sections . if the latter then this tool is awesome , as you dont need to do anything to the vegatable . if the other , then you 'll have to peel each cabbage leaf , pile them on top of each other and roll them into tight rolls . then you run these batched across the madaline . ( this is what i done , and it gets a bit finger worrying towards the end ) . hope this helps 
yes 
just the one that 's on it when it shipped . 
it really depend on how hard the cheese is . i have been able to cut cheddar and swiss but parmesan i think would be difficult . 
i think strawberries are too small . use an egg slicer ! works perfect , can also cut mushrooms . 
no 
no it does n't . 
yes the top tray is sold separately however i did not buy it . 
i did n't receive the lid 
no 
the dimensions are 11 '' x 11 '' x 20 '' 
20 inches 
no , i have a cable box with a light , you ca n't see it through the glass , but the remote works with the glass closed ! hope this helps ! i love it ! it 's sturdy and looks exactly like the picture ! 
i have no problem with controlling my cable box gaming system through the glass . 
yes you can 
yes they do work through the glass 
nope , it has those 1 4 turn fasteners you tightened with a phillips screwdriver . 
it 's 71 long by 19 1 2 high by 17 1 2 wide 
they are similar to other foam pillows but this one i would honestly say it 's firm but soft . you wo n't wake up with your neck hurting if you get these . i 've also noticed i do n't toss and turn as much in the night anymore . hope this helped ! 
its very cooling for me and i flip my pillows all night long anyway which r cooler on the other side : ) 
perfect for however you sleep . i toss and turn and have a pinch nerve on my neck i totally recommend them ! enjoy 
no . i bought 2 for myself and was so happy i bought 2 for my boyfriend and neither order did we notice a smell . i know the smell you speak of because i 've bought toppers and a memory foam bed . 
they do not . 
approx . 21 '' x 16 '' 
it may be another deliberate misinformation from this vendor . their pillows are very small , 21x15 , and when i bought them they had an artificially low price and , to my annoyance , a very high shipping rate . i would avoid buying sleep master products in the future , and i suggest you avoid them as well . 
it is made of food grade silicon . silicon does not contain bpa . 
yes made in china 
i have an 8 '' pot and it fits . it can fold down pretty small . 
no 
i have n't tried using this tool in a microwave , but i have used other silicone products with no issue . 
yes , it is . that 's what i got mine to use . 
yes , i beleieve they are different . 
no clue ... it did n't fit the extreme blending machine ( which is also a small one ) . but i was able to take off the blade and parts and use them to replace the ones that were broken in the old one . 
this is the one for the nutribullet http : www.amazon.com nutribullet-extraction-extractor-replacement-parts-authentic dp b00jiysezc ref=sr_1_13 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1398172355 & sr=8-13 & keywords=nutribullet+blade 
it 's 3.5 inches 
not sure but my guess is no ... .this blade attaches to individual cups for the magic bullet , i do n't think it will work on a blender . 
absolutely 
i have no idea , i only have a magic bullit 
i have the party bullet and an older one . base looks the same and fits just fine . 
its pretty nice . very firm when you first get it and softens up . we have had ours about 2 months and love it . 
you have to call the manufacturer and ask them . 
i just moved to a new home and moved it . i would say around 20 pounds maximum 
the queen size i got is 75 3 4 '' long x 56 3 4 '' wide x 3 '' tall ... 
no it does n't , but i had no trouble using it with a mattress pad . 
china 
twin sized is about 6ft by 3ft . 
i had to cut the one i bought for my father using long standard scissors , compressing the pad edge as i cut it . the cut edge is n't neat and pretty , but it worked . 
we love it - decided to go this route first before buying a full foam . it 's a keeper ! 
i 'm out of town kent but it fits what i would say was the kerig model i see just about everywhere . the durability with this product is a bit of an issue . dean 
no covers on the cups . 
this item fits the keurig my k-cup reusable coffee filter 3-piece set made by keurig , upc code 4964505048. if you have the 3 piece set this filter cup will fit and is my preference over the one that comes with the 3-piece set due to its slightly larger size . i do not believe the keurig vue will accept the keurig my k-cup reusable 3-piece assembly but there are reusable filter assemblies made for the vue models . 
i can not answer this question , i do not know what a b30 single serve keurig is . the company does not list any system with that designation 
yes and it saves a lot of money . : - ) 
easy . peanut . cashew . almond . etc . no problem . 
the recall status can be check using the link below . go to the bottom of the page to enter your vitamix serial number http : www.containerbladerecall.com productentry.aspx ? 
the description says : `` 2.2-peak-horsepower motor and wide blade radius '' . clearly you 've done your research . i always trust what i read on a manufacturer 's website over descriptions written by retailers and third party sellers . you are correct , the motor is 2.2 horse power . 
yes it does 
based on my comparisons with friends who purchased ones from vitamix & williams sonoma this is the same one . 
all 32oz wet and dry , 48oz , and 64oz containers fit this model . i use a 32oz container with this model , and prefer to use it when making smaller portions . works great . i did not notice a big difference between the wet and dry blades however . my 32oz wet container grinds rice , oats , ect . ... just as well . 
yes ! it is wonderful ! we teach classes frequently with it ! 
no , there are no ties or clips attached to the duvet . there are about 6-7 buttons on one side to enclose your comforter after you slide it in ... hope this helps . 
i would say , yes it is thin , but not 'cheap ' thin . it is not see through . it has a soft cotton feel to it and is about the thickness of a 'normal ' sheet . i purchased it in sage green - perhaps it would be see through in a really light color or white . 
i do n't remember , but it 's so soft it has to be way up there . seriously , i love this thing ! 
it 's really white 
it depends on where you have it . inside the house it is difficult . i have mine in thr garage , so i use a hose with water to wash it . 
i have no idea ? ? 
i 've ised it twice and it 's done great . only issue is that sometimes the peel of the orange does n't fall into the trash can on the side . small issue , still a great machine though ! 
partially , not all of it . must of it goes . the seeds stays on the grid . 
this could literally produce over 2 gallons a minute . ... it 's an amazing piece of machinery ... .if you are serious about orange juice . ... do n't think twice ... .i 've had it for over a year and it works perfectly . 
juicing oranges , lemons , etc 
i was not pleased with the seal and use them for decorative purposes only . they came with clear , rubber rings to fit on the lids , but they just did n't seem to fit seal the way that i wanted . i do love how they look though and they do look great on my counter . 
no , unfortunately these only come with the black stars . 
the dehumidifier does put out some heat . compared to our previous dehumidifier , this one seems much more efficient and therefore producing less heat then expected . 
the dehumidifier can be hooked up to a hose with standard garden connection , but does not come with one . 
it is in the basement and you ca n't hear it running from upstairs . the fan is n't really quiet but it is acceptable . similar to running the fan in your car on medium high . 
just pick up a cheap hose from any discount store . i found one at a dollar store and cut it to the length needed . 
it 's not whisper quiet . i have it in my living room and am able to hear it in my bedroom with the door open ( not a huge house ) . we run it off and on throughout the day and continuously through the night . it does n't make an annoying noise but it would say it is as loud as a box fan . 
department : air conditionersmanufacturer : frigidairemanufacturer reference : fad301nwdproduct dimensions:12.6 inches x 15.8 inches x 20.9 inches ; 31 poundsshipping weight:34.2 poundsasin : b00au7goikamazon.com sales rank:2512 
i am not an expert , but i would assume that the square footage depends on how much water is in the air . i have a relatively dry cellar and the 30 pint dehumidifier is adequate for my 24 x 32 foot cellar . i did not want a larger dehumidifier because i do n't want something heavy to empty . 30 pints is about 30 pounds . heavy enough for an old person . 
20.88 inches x 12.63 inches x 15.75 inches 
this model will not have an issue with power failures . once you have the dial set . it will turn back on and keep running . the models wiith power buttons would not work 
just a heel mode 
no it does n't . have styrofoam platform 
there is a 1 year warranty on the product . 
yes . we love it 
there is a slight hum , intermittently , when it kicks on to maintain temperature . not much , however . 
the dimension is - as gift recipient answered - width ( 16.14 '' ) x height ( 10.83 '' ) x depth ( 20.08 '' ) for your info ... 
yes . i have made cheesecake , carrot cake , and chocolate cake in these and never had a leak . the only thing is that it takes a little longer to clean out the tiny grooves . 
yes , the bottoms are removeable . they work just like normal sized springform pans . perfect for making smaller cheesecakes . 
i also made cheesecakes in mine . i have a recipe that fills a 9 '' pan . using 1 4 of the ingredients gave me enough to make 2 of this size . 
for me i used a recipe for a 10 '' mold . and i distributed it in the three 4 '' ones . 
yes 
you get 2 that are that size and one that is bigger for the center . again , it looks better in this picture than when you receive it . 
please provide the picture to us here and later we discuss further details.thanks . 
it should come in a roll and you will need to get it framed . mine never showed up ! ! ! ! ! so i do n't know the quality . 
good question . horrible service ! they have called me at least 4 times a day for the past 2 weeks asking me to change my negative rating on here , and i refuse . the quality is so poor and the item is mislabeled . 
i froze them , and my daughter said they were great ! 
no - it 's very much like a waffle iron . non-stick so fairly easy to wipe ran . 
it makes 12 per batch ... but if you use a standard cake mix ( in a box ) you will have quite a few batches of pops ! ! 
sorry , we have a queen size . 
i bought a queen size but i did n't realize it was oversize . i have a normal boxspring . it is too big but it does work , it 's just a bit wrinkled and not tight . it does n't come off though so it does work fine . 
they are sized according to king and queen . do n't know the demensions 
yes , it will . 
it 's around the whole sheet . 
customers prefer amadora ultra microfiber bedding bed sheets over 800 thread count egyptian cotton ! 
i would say no unless your table is extremely low . the intent of this bench is storage . 
i am uncertain at max , but my boyfriend is 6'2 and 250 pounds and he sits comfortably on it . 
hi- mine is 32 '' long , 16 '' deep and 18 '' high . 
it is more of an off white than a bright white . 
bright white 
product dimensions : 16 x 32 x 18 inches 
yes , nice hinges . the lid stays up until you push it closed . 
16 x 32 x 18 inches 
we ordered this and i would say its a true white . 
17 1 2 inches high with legs on . 
my wife tells me that if the countertop has been cleaned and dried , application of the jubilee according to its instructions will improve the appearance of the countertop . it wo n't remove stains . there are too many factors involved to state it will improve the shine to your satisfaction . 
yes , i use on marble ... it works beautifully 
i will list what is on the label , furniture , refrigerators , countertops , cabinets , laminated plastic , bathroom fixtures , chrome faucets , woodwork , vinyl , leather , plastic and ceramic tile . not for use on granite or stainless steel . i like it for all the rest of the list . 
would not recommend for aautomobile . product was made fo home use i.e . furniture , appliance etc . 
my bottle of jubilee kitchen wax is white . maybe the yellow color was just a bad photo . 
i would not use it on floors one might fall since use would make wood floor slippery . i also would not use product n bottom of bath tub same reasoning . like this product for kitchen appliances and cabinets . 
not sure . it may do so for a while & then you 'll have to repeat it . 
under details on the amazon product page it states the product measures 42 inches x 16 inches x 0.2 inches . on the company website : http : www.noslipgatorgrip.com it states it is made of polymer psuedo rubber . 
yes ! we have a textured tub and have been using it for about 3 months with no problems . 
no . once it is removed , it is ruined . you can not stick it back down again . it is a one time stick . 
i just spray it with scrubbing bubbles cleaner and take a soft scrub brush to scrub it . 
350 
the scale is consistent each time . i 'm pleased with it . 
12.5 by 11 inches : i assume your question meant by platform the area your feet stand on without the dial ; with the dial it is still 12.5 inches wide but 17 inches long . 
i purchased the square coasters and just measured them and they measure true to 4 '' x 4 '' square . i hope this helps . 
yes , i mod podged my images onto them . you could also spray with acrylic sealer . either of those would affect the absorbency though . would keep the wet off your furniture , but you might have moisture on the coaster . mi used for non coaster art projects . 
hi ... i think i can help out here , at least as far as defining `` sublimation '' . ( whether these will work with this process or not , i ca n't say , since i just happened to run across the info while looking for something else . this is n't my type of artwork , though , so besides the definition , i 'm as clueless as everyone else ! ) so ... sublimation : sublimation is a way to create bright , permanent , professional looking image transfers using your own artwork or photography . no plastic feel , no fading when washed . no other image transfer technology to date can claim this except for printing directly on to fabrics with fabric dyes . the science behind sublimation is simple : when heated to high temperatures , sublimation ink turns into a gas , allowing it to enter into the open pores of the polyester-coated item . once removed from the heat , the pores of the item cool and close up , trapping the ink inside of the item . the sublimated image will be soft and smooth to the touch and is a permanent application . no bleeding or fading when you wash it ! sublimation works specifically with polymer-coated substrates or light-colored , 100 % polyester garments . you also have to use a printer that can be loaded with the special sublimation inks , and the special sublimation paper . a good heat press does the transfer . irons and steam presses do not get hot enough or apply enough pressure . ( this information is directly from dharma trading company , http : www.dharmatrading.com ) i hope it helps ! rory 
4x4 '' with rounded corners 
the coasters are fairly thick . i only had watercolor colored pencils at hand so i colored on the coaster and used a paintbrush and water to wash out the color . the surface dried fairly quickly and the color smoothed out . i wish i had some watercolors to try for a better answer but it is probably worth a gamble . 
not sure but i used the molds for peppermint bark instead of cracking the bark into pieces . 
they are tiny ... ... . they may even be smaller than those really small pretzel sticks . the silicone pan is n't the greatest i 've used either , to be honest ... .. you will have to trim the sides of the balls because it goes all over and there are no instructions that come with the pan , so you have to guesstimate on how much batter to use . i was not impressed at all - sorry ... ... 
350f 
1 1 2 '' -- fun product ! next am going to buy the 'cat ' version . 
i do not know , sorry 
this listing is for the full size bed with twin trundle bed . 
it 's a full size bed with twin trundle . 
mattresses are not included . 
no , it is not available in black . 
the manufacturer does not suggest a recommended weight limit for this product . 
if u use a box spring & mattress it will be way too high . we bought a very good top mattress and it works great . same for the lower bed . hope this helps ! 
assembly is required . 
it is 79 '' long and the width of the full sized bed with twin trundle pulled out is 98.5 '' . 
without a problem . i use it to grind all of my spices , even hard to grind seeds like flax seed and chia seeds . it really handles everything i have put in it- including peppercorns ! 
run a 1 2 cup of cheerios through it , then wipe out with a paper towel : ) 
it 's a small grinder . we use it to grind pepercorns . nutmegs are probably too large for the machine . 
it looks like the 29.99 has a removable bowl , which might be handy . i have the cheaper model and i have to carry my coffee basket over to empty the unit which stays plugged into the wall . 
yes , but i would toast them first . they may be a little too moist and be impossible to retrieve once ground . 
the longer you run it the finer the coffee gets . 30-60 seconds will get you a finely ground coffee . 
yes you can it has to settings a `` bv '' is pretty loud then you have a `` bv '' which is not as loud perfect for me when i am at the gym and then just `` v '' for vibrate . hopea this helps 
if it helps , i have had it since january and it 's still running . 
on the wmf box are the following measurements : outside : 16 '' x 11 '' x 7.2 ; inside : 15 '' x 10 '' x 4 '' , base 11.5 '' x 7 `` ; ca . 9 qts 
22 lbs . 
this does not come with a rack . 
its fairly large so i would think so , but i have never put a turkey in it . nice roaster ... lid also makes a pan 
it is around 7.0 '' - 7.5 '' as far as i can measure it . 
no , it 's made in china , per the sticker at the bottom of the pan . 
no , there is nothing inside 
9 quarts 
i do n't know , as i use on floor that i do n't wax . but my guess is it will take more than just steam to remove a build of wax using any type of mop . 
if you do n't you will crud up the cleaning pad in no time , this is not a vacuum cleaner . 
it has a flat attachment with holes to steam the carpet on low setting . the scrubbing action is quite vigorous and i do n't think it will be good for the carpet strands . i pretreat with my own cleaner and spot steam , or do an overall quick refresh . if you want to shampoo , best to rent a shampooer or hire a professional . 
i have n't owned for a year but it is very sturdy and works great 
yes , there is a divider in the middle of this cabinet . it does not show up in the online pictures . 
brown 
15 x 36 x 42.8 inches 
the cabinet is deep enough to store vinyl records without interference from the doors 
this item is in stock and we can ship out up to 5 in two- three days . thanks , john 
yes they have , but the issues was with the location of screw holes . i had to drill all new holes plus in some cases i just gave up . sorry to mentioned it but it was a horrible experience . 
it is approx 31 '' thanks , john 
yes . takes about 1 hour 
this duvet has only buttons on the sides to hold the unit inside the cover . if you think the unit will shift significantly inside the cover , then i take very small safety pins ( like 1 2 '' long ) and do pins in the 4 corners to hold down . i never needed to do this on current duvet ... ..i have had to do it on old cover that had no buttons . the basic answer is that it depends on the `` slip factor '' of the two cloth materials . when the two materials slide easily , then you would like to pin down . with low slip factor , you shake the comforter once a week and it is all back to normal . tjcooper 
it 's very soft . it has a silky feel to it . 
if by thin you mean cheaply made , the answer is no . this item in my opinion is well made . it can be used in the summer months when the air conditoner is on as well when fall arrives . the material will keep it 's shape after washing . i would suggest to wash it on a delicate cycle this way it will last for some time . over all i 'm happy i purchased this product . i hope this helped you . 
dishwasher not recommended 
i put mine in the dishwasher and they are just fine . 
sorry do n't know 
we wipe the pan out while it is still warm then we wash it with soap and hot water . comes clean immediately . never put it in the dishwasher . 
made in china friend 
no i do n't think so . your cook top requires pots made of cast iron or stainless steel . these pots are best with cook tops that are electric or gas . induction cooking uses magnetic exchange to cause cooking , so no i do n't think they will work for you . 
i do n't see why not . if they get hot they should cook on any surface 
it works great ! no problem tipping . the answer to when you do n't have the luxury of an overhang for glasses . 5 star ! 
i use it with fairly large wine glasses and also have two martini glasses hanging on it . they do n't touch . 
it 's good piece , np at all 
it gets very hot , sides , top and front . the back gets extremly hot . the back has stops to keep it away from the wall but i would advise to keep it a little further away . 
2 , one on the top and one on the bottom , very efficient though . 
1050 watts 
i had the same question and found the manual on the hamilton beach web site - this is what they had to say ... to clean crumb tray : 1. ensure oven is completely cool . 2. remove baking pan and rack from oven . tilt oven back . push handle down to unlock crumb tray . 3. pull tray down and out . gently shake crumbs out of tray and wipe with a damp , clean cloth . 4. push tray back and lock into place . note : crumb tray is not removable . 
it does have a shelf , but it must be taken out manually . 
it only has 1 rack and 1 setting for the rack . the problem is that the rack sits closer to the bottom coils , so anytime you use it , the bottom burns before the top toasts . the only way to avoid burning anything is to turn it over halfway through toasting , which to me , is an inconvenience not worth dealing with . hope this helps . 
you can only really fit 4 for proper toasting , six would fit , but it would n't all toast evenly . 
two pronged regular plug . not a great toaster . can not shut it off once toaster starts . 
it was a antiqued brownish gray . but it was so cheap . fell apart before it was on the wall . sent it back . 
yes it is ! i store a couple on the bottom shelf , but it could easily fit 3-4 , depending on the size . they fit inside the doors as well ! i love this cabinet ! ! ! 
hello , thank you for your question . the dimensions are 7 x 24 x 22 inches . i found this information on the product detail product under the `` product details '' section . i hope this helps ! 
thanks for your question ! according to the product details this cabinet measures 7 x 24 x 22 inches . i hope this helps ! 
very good . i recommend lock tight on the bolts when put together . they seem to come loose pretty easy 
dark dark chocolate almost black . looks like pine . i 've had them for over a year and they are great chairs . stood up to 6 children . i love them and could not recommend them highly enough . they look wonderful , they are comfy , easy to clean , and so far durable . 
dark brown , these are good chairs for the price . 
thank you for your interest in our product . the item that you are inquiry for is c020 which only has one size available . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
i am not sure but we are over 260 lbs and they held up pretty good . 
yes , i keep all my 15ml and taller roller balls in this box . i love it ! 
yes 
i also have the same question but it seems the seller does not want to answer our questions . sad . 
the top and bottom measurements = 17.5 inches x 17.5 inches , and it is 27 inches tall . the tile inset in the top is 12 x 12 . 
easy ! just lift the main unit off the base and the base unit is exposed for easy cleaning . just lift the cage out off the base that contains the wick and go for it . the instructions recommend weekly cleaning and sterilizing . two of the 3 units i have purchased this season have reached 750 hours of operation when `` cf '' check filter ) appears on the readout . i opened both units and determined that there was no reason to do a deep cleaning at that time . i add a few caps full of bacteriostat to every other filling to keep mold and mildew out of the unit . if you have hard water , the wicks will harden with mineral deposits quickly and will need to be replaced . i have hard water and have not yet felt it necessary to replace these wicks . they are fairly cheap at around $ 13 each ( 1 per unit ) . i am hoping to get a full season out a wick . hope this helps . 
the description says 2000 sq ft. our house is 1400 sf and it works great 
i have to fill mine twice a day . it holds 4 gallons and i put in about 3 gallons in the morning and again when i get home from work . there seems to be people who have issues with it being plastic . i do n't have any issues with that . 
i think you 'll need 2 units to cover 2 floors in an area with a typically dry winter climate . the ep9-500 is a decent unit if you need it for appearances . the 821-000 unit in white will do an equal or better job . it is far easier to fill and see the water level plus it holds more water . a flashlight is needed to see the water level on the ep9-500 . i operate both units on their lowest fan speed . the higher speeds are too noisy . a hygrometer placed in different places will show the distribution of humidity throughout the house . the air needs to circulate to even things out . both units take the 1043 replacement filter . refill with filtered water if possible to extend filter life . 
i 'll guess yes . probably would n't take kindly to my sitting on it ( 220 lb ) . 
how much moonshine will a still produce ? we often get questions like these : `` how much moonshine will 5 gallons of mash make ? '' and `` how much moonshine will be produced by a 10 gallon still ? '' the answer is simple : it all depends on starting alcohol and final proof . in this article we 'll explain how to determine how much alcohol to expect from a run . for the instant gratification seekers in the crowd , here 's the short answer : a 1 gallon run will yield 3-6 cups of alcohol a 5 gallon run will yield 1-2 gallons of alcohol a 10 gallon run will yield 2-4 gallons of alcohol for the researchers , science nerds , alchemists , and truth seekers , here 's why : starting alcohol starting alcohol can vary significantly , having a big impact on the final yield . starting alcohol is generally expressed as `` alcohol by volume '' or abv and it can vary greatly from one batch of shine to the next . it 's simply the percentage of alcohol in a solution of alcohol wash. for example a 10 gallon wash that contains 1 gallon of pure alcohol will have an abv of 10 % . the higher the starting alcohol , the higher the potential yield . the starting alcohol of a wash is dependent on two things : the amount of fermentable sugar produced by the mash , or added in lieu of making a mash , and the type of yeast used . fermentable sugar fermentable sugar is exactly what it sounds like - the amount of sugar available to be eaten by yeast that can later be turned into alcohol . if there is n't very much sugar then there wo n't be much alcohol . however , too much sugar is wasteful . the amount of sugar needed depends on the recipe , the size of the batch , and the potential alcohol production by the yeast . though , in general , the more fermentable sugar there is in the mash , the higher the potential starting alcohol and the higher the yield . yeast the type of yeast used is very important as well . bread yeast ( the kind that can be purchased at a grocery store ) will produce starting alcohol in the 10 % range , whereas a strong distillers yeast may produce starting alcohol as high as 20 % . this is due to two factors . first , distillers yeast has been bread to withstand higher concentrations of ambient alcohol . where a bread yeast might die off once starting alcohol has reached 10 or 12 % , a distillers yeast will still thrive , and will do so until ambient alcohol has increased to a much higher level ( 20 % or so ) . second , some distillers yeasts are packaged with loads of yeast nutrients i.e . turbo 24 , 48 , etc . this can actually be a bad thing , as the excess nutrients contained in turbo yeasts can cause off flavors in the final product . in short , good yeast will allow for a higher starting alcohol and a greater final yield without producing off flavors . final proof final proof can also have a significant impact on yield . if 10 gallons ( with a starting alcohol of 10 % ) is distilled , the amount of pure alcohol collected will be somewhere in the neighborhood of 1 gallon . however , the collected spirit wo n't be 100 % pure ( 200 proof ) . it usually gets proofed down to somewhere around 100 proof , or 50 % pure alcohol . while the total amount of alcohol collected remains the same , there is now twice as much `` product '' and the `` yield '' is doubled . the higher the final proof , the lower the final yield , the lower the final proof , the higher the final yield . collection efficiency one final note is that all of the alcohol produced during fermentation will not be collected during the run . generally only about 85 or 90 % is collected because it takes too much time and energy to get the last little bit ... and it is n't the good stuff anyway . for example , if there is 1 gallon of pure alcohol in a wash and it is distilled with a collection efficiency of 85 % , then .85 gallons will be collected . summary here are a few examples of yields that one might expect when running 1 , 5 , or 10 gallon batches : a 1 gallon run with a starting alcohol of 10 % , a final proof of 100 , and a collection efficiency of 85 % will yield 2.72 cups . a 1 gallon run with a starting alcohol of 20 % , a final proof of 100 , and a collection efficiency of 85 % will yield 5.44 cups . a 5 gallon run with a starting alcohol of 10 % , a final proof of 100 , and a collection efficiency of 85 % will yield .85 gallons . a 5 gallon run with a starting alcohol of 20 % , a final proof of 100 , and a collection efficiency of 85 % will yield 1.7 gallons . a 10 gallon run with a starting alcohol of 10 % , a final proof of 100 , and a collection efficiency of 85 % will yield 1.7 gallons . a 10 gallon run with a starting alcohol of 20 % , a final proof of 100 , and a collection efficiency of 85 % will yield 3.4 gallons . 
it 's 16 oz . copper . very durable . it will last a lifetime if you take care of it . 
there are federal and state laws regulating distillation ... federal law states that it 's legal to own a still of any size , but it 's illegal to distill alcohol without having either a `` distilled spirits permit '' or a `` federal fuel alcohol permit . 
yes go to their website it will help you 
depends on your heat source ... electric will take quite awhile propane will be quicker but make sure you do not have any leaks .. about 2 gallons of finished product 
after the run you use an alcohol hydrometer . before the run you can use different hydrometer to measure specific gravity . 
its 6 racks that can hold 72 bottles . lightweight and easy to assemble , but a bit shoddy on quality . we glued ours together with gorilla glue . 
yes it does , but not the magnum size 
each of the tiers stands 6 '' tall . i have 6 tiers , which stands 33.25 '' tall , given that you lose some of the height where the pieces interconnect . 
the side pieces have grooves into which the longitudinal pieces are fit . it 's kind of like lincoln logs , no fasteners or tools used . 
size capacity and ease of cleaning . the pro is smaller , but faster and much easier to clean . the tec is larger but takes much longer and is more difficult to keep clean . also you can only froth milk in the tec any powder mixes clog it up whereas the pro is great fro mixing chai and hot chocolates . we use both and hands down the pro works great and is a super easy to clean . we also have a 500ml secura automatic electric milk frother and warmer like the tech it has a larger capacity and can only froth milk ( no powders ) but it is super fast . on the downside it 's got electronics on the pot itself which makes cleaning a little more delicate . 
10 ounces if you 're frothing . 
it is now made of glass . the older version was made of plastic . it works great ! 
i would have no idea , i am a buyer not the seller . ask the seller . 
i do not think so 
yes 
the bottom says china . but it must be tough since they shipped it to me in the retail box , no other packaging whatsoever . i was sure it would n't work , but it has been fine for almost two months . 
ours has three pieces of wood that snapped in together . they are made of the same material as the rest of it . 
yes , i actually have one sitting on the bottom shelf right now . : ) 
yes 
product description terrace storage shelf bookcase collection is perfect to use alone or pair with baskets and create a place for your goodies . this 3-tier shelf has overall size of 26-inch width by 11.8-inch width by 30-inch height . top is 26-inch width by 11.81-inch depth . upper shelf is 23.54-inch width by 10.63-inch depth by 12.80-inch height and lower shelf is 12.32-inch height . constructed from combination of solid and composite wood in dark espresso finish . assembly required . 
i love it 
it 's sturdy -- we have several books on it 
it was given as a gift and i do not know the answer but i will see if i can find out . 
it has a metal rim that seats directly on the ceramic pot . no rubber or vinyl . it also has a small air release vent . i suspect they are interested in not having it pressurize and blow up while you are not watching . there is no rubber or vinyl that i can see on the underside of the glass lid . just a metal screw and washer ( metal also ) and the rim . not sure why you are asking , but i think this should give the info you need . 
hi katherine , it does n't have either . the lid had a metal rim and rest on the porcelein interior of the slow cooker . i really like it ! 
10 '' w , 7 '' front to back , 6 '' tall not counting lid . 
yes . 
yes 
1 sheet . 
they are flat and the dimensions in the ad are correct . 
no , it 's just the sheet . 
you betchya ! that 's what i use ! just depends if wide mouth or regular mouth , but the rings fit snug and the lid does n't leak ! 
no , just a photo of the front and back of the package . you will receive one . 
you most certainly can ! i do top rack when i am at home but newer machines have snazzy gadget racks or special spaces in the door i have successfully used while house sitting . so far , so good . : ) 
no , it does n't have a closure and will spill . i know from experience . 
no 
hi lisa , i do that all the time , but , you have to make sure to close tight the mug in order to avoid spill out the content of your mason jar . 
no , hand wash - which really is a cinch , one can basically just wipe them clean . there is no scrubbing or soaking needed , and the cooking surface dries immediately . 
no , it 's made in germany . it 's excellent quality and the best non-stick coating i 've seen . but my problem was that the 2 smaller pans do not work on my jennair induction range . the contact area on the bottom is too small and the range does not recognize that there is a pot there . hope this helps . 
no , plastic handles . 
well , my stove top is gas . 
machine wash cold , tumble dry normal low heat , no dry cleaning , no ironing , no bleach . 
i bought the camouflage ones for my son but they 're pretty deep about 12 inches 
china , according to the tag on mine . 
no they are more satiny and soft . no pills yet ! 
flat , fitted , and two pillow cases . 
i would think so . we have a queen-sized deluxe air bed with a memory foam pad on top , and our queen sized sheets fit very well . and there was no shrinkage when we washed them . 
pulp control is related with the output , so indirectly affects the pulp amount in the juice . but more effectively you can control pulp with canisters , it has two different diameters . 
yes . the juicer was made in korea . 
no 
no 
no , you do not . i like buying seeded grapes for mine . 
hi there ! is a 110 ! i believe that you can get a 220v of you ask for it . they do manofacture one . or just buy a power converter that will also solve the problem 
the frozen fruit should be thawed out and somewhat soft before using it in this machine . 
nope its not big enough to sleep on unless you sleep the long way . 
dear customer , we estimate between 2 and 3 months . ferrara sectional sofa white bonded leather with the chaise on the right side is under manufacture process . let me know if you have any other question . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear sylvia , dimensions are : 32.28 '' h x 94.88 '' w x 62.99 '' d let me know if you have any other question or concern . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear eric , facing the sofa , the chaise on the right side is sold out . will be back in stock in around 2 months . let me know if you have any other question . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear nadia , ferrara edition 7 the upholstery is bonded leather and the color is pure white . ferrara edition 9 the upholstery is fabric and the color is ivory that is more like a cream color . let me know if you have any other question . claudia cudicini . customer service home design hd 
if you mean is the contour sheet large enough to fully cover the mattress , it is . we have a very new sleep number bed that is 4 inches higher than a standard mattress and the sheet stays tucked in . 
yup ! but i have to warn you , it 's not a super snug fit on the mattress . i actually like this b c it makes changing the sheets easier but thought you should know . 
it does not have freon ( r22 ) in it . it is pre-charged with pureon ( r410a ) . as of 2012 you can not buy units that are charged with freon - they ship them with dry nitrogen and this has to be removed and charged with freon . 
yes . however , the line sets we provide are made of standard refrigeration copper tubes that every installer carry in their service kits . they can easily extend and resize them based on your exact length requirements at the job site and this will probably be cheaper . 
no , we were told that it should be fine by our heating and cooling installer . however , if it is a a lit of the fins , it can affect air flow . i would check with your installer to be safe . 
you want 20 amp breaker 12 gauge wire 
highseer.com online marketing division of parker davis hvac international , inc. 2260 nw 102nd place , doral , forida 33172 u.s.a . 
around 1 2 '' per side . 
they are made from soap stone , a rock with a talcum feel . they will not shatter , but they do impart a milky talcum into the liquid with little flecks of soap stone chipped from the edges of the cubes . ( i just tried shaking them in water in my cocktail shaker ) . therefore it is not a good idea to use these in a shaker . 
i 'm sure you could . just know that they really do n't make the drink cold . 
not at all , we have used the stones in thick glass and thin -- and we have never had a problem with scratching . 
i would like a proper answer to this question . i have n't bought these yet , but i know that soap stones are not always made in the usa because two other brands of whisky chilling rocks made out of soap stone i found on amazon are made in china . 
yes - and super easy to clean with a sponge or wet paper towel . you have to clean berween uses , or you 'll get burnt milk . 
after your question , i went and tried to see if i can make art with it . it makes really thick foam if you know what you are doing . yea it makes art i made a smiling face it came out ok for someone who is not artistic . 
yes , there is always milk left at the bottom , just froth about half or less , as long as you did the first time , becomes marshmallow like , and very , very thick , yummy 
it is about 7-1 4 inches high sitting on the base with lid on and diameter of 4-1 4 inches . we have it sitting on the counter ( because we use it every day ) and it does n't seem to take up too much room at all . 
less than 60 seconds 
no 
15 '' high x 16 '' square 
black 
no it does n't . 
13in x 13in 
black 
i have two of these little units , and i have not had a problem with the feet on either one of them . however , if one of the feet did come off , it would be quite easy to just super glue it back on . 
you can message me just like this . the colors available are : merlot - red - black - frost - green - pink - purple - yellow - royal blue - sky blue hope this helps . thanks dessa 
it is for the colors listed in the image , we would be happy to get any color you would like , just send us a message through the sale and we will take care of you , thanks , wes 
yes 
these ship within 48 hours . 
seems like laminated synthetic leather , not 100 % positive as it is not specified on the tag under the seat . the leather has a soft feel to it , if that help answer your question . the core is polyurethane molded foam . 
depends on how old they are , the saddle is wide . the height is adjustable , so i would say 9 or older . 
measuring from the top of the front ( the highest point of the seat ) the range is approximately 21.5 to 28.5 inches tall . 
the casters do not lock 
yes , i am 5'2 '' and it works well . 
our direct manufacturer is based overseas in china . 
no tilt feature but a very comfortable chair 
26 '' h x 21 '' w x 10 '' d 
26 '' h x 21 '' w x 10 '' d 
i think you are only supposed to wash the case . 
one very comfortable pillow . 
it is about 4 '' but this is more like a feather pillow , it does not hold the shape . 
21 inches x 15 inches . 
i dont know the actual measurments but i have a king size bed and it just lays over the sides like and inch or two not like the picture ... but i love it anyway ! 
yes i do , they were rolled up inside the blanket . my youngest is wild about cows lol ... 
this nacho cheese dispenser does not come with the cheese product , and would be a seperate purchase . please let us know if we may be of more service . 
they offer no support whatsoever 
depends how much cheese is placed . our kid parties can go 2-3 days . 
a single cr2032 lithium battery . ( i 'm curious about sue 's answer of `` two '' . i took mine out . there is only one . i wonder if there are various models of this scale . ) 
it is totally plastic with no space that liquid will seep into . i just spray it with disinfectant and wipe it with a rag . very simple to keep clean ! 
it can be easily replaced . it is one of the flat disk batteries . i have n't had to change it yet , the screen turns off automatically when the scale is unused to save battery life . 
i use it to weigh small packages to ship via usps 
1yr , i love this scale . it is a great value too 
the usable weighing surface is about 5.5 inches x 5.5 inches . if the material slightly extends past this it seems to be no problem . i use it mostly to weigh dough for baking equal quantities . 
i simply clicked the `` unit '' icon and the weight changes from g to oz etc . 
it does have the tare function - works like a charm . 
it came with the battery and it 's a flat round 3v lithium battery . 
with the exception of the 4 cup pitcher and the processor all other parts are stored in a sturdy plastic container that is flat and takes up little space when stored and not in use . 
unfortunately not , that would be a nice feature , otherwise it is a great product . 
no it is made of metal i love this machine 
in my opinion , yes . if you ever find yourself working in a deep stock pot it 's indispensable . one of those attachments you do n't use every day but when you need it , well you just plain need it . 
1 yr warranty 
hello . the case is 15.5 '' long by 13 '' wide . 
ther is no listing on the unt or documentation of the watts 
that is pretty much accurate ... works like a charm ! 
i have n't tried it but i think this machine is only for cold drinks 
yes , according to hamilton beach , you can use loose leaf tea or tea bags to make iced tea . 
yes ! ! it does 
does pretty good on everything minus herbs and juicing soft fruits ( like strawberries ) . you get some juice but a lot of waste . most hard fruits and vegetables do amazing . 
yes 
it 's 1 inches long 
mine came with a 6 month warranty . i believe the new model that i looked at came with a one or two year warranty . confirm the warranty with amazon first . 
the main color is a really rich deep blue . the feathers are iradesent threads . greens and blues . really pretty i am very happy with it . 
no top sheet . fitted sheet , duvet , 2 standard pillow cases 3 decorative pillow cases 
we find that the short ones are stackable ( in twos ) , but that our shelf is not quite tall enough to stack the tall glasses . 
it is the four colors shown on the box . two of each color of the tall tumblers and and two of each color of the smaller ones . 
it 's 10 1 2 '' by 14 1 2 '' . it 's a great entertaining piece , but i strongly suggest buying directly from the manufacturer , true fabrications , not amazon , to ensure that it arrives in one piece . 
it has a clear rubber circle on the bottom in each corner that keeps it from moving 
you can . but , i would n't try cutting anything extreamly firm because you may chip it . 
it came broke in a million pieces ! 
yes . it has a one year warranty . in fact , the one i bought did stop working and they replaced it since it was only a few months old . i did have to pay for the shipping , however , which i was not too happy about . 
i have put oils in mine for about one year now , and have not had any problems . this unit has been working great . hope this helps you . gary 
when you turn it on , there is a little green light that is on , but it is dim . it does have a nightlight on it as well . it is n't too bright , but it is blue and gives off enough light to be an efficient nightlight . you do have the ability to turn it on or off . 
the instructions say bleach , but i prefer vinegar . i contacted the company about this and they said 8 ozs . of white vinegar , which is what i use , is as good , if not better , than the bleach the instructions suggest . i also do n't like the smell of bleach , which is another reason i prefer vinegar . 
according to the user manual , it will . but , i 'm not going to test that feature . i think that is what killed my previous humidifier [ rosewill brand ] . 
it will turn on automatically - i used an outlet-based remote to turn it on and off and it worked great . 
hello , i use it in a bedroom . i keep it on low , so i imagine it could handle a fairly large open space . i live close to palm springs , so it is very dry here . it is a high quality product , clean , especially quiet , and the light is very dim and does n't bother you at night . i use distilled water , so have n't found any build up or necessity to clean , although weekly cleaning is suggested . you can probably check with optimus to find room size that is appropriate for the design . i just read the owner 's guide , and there is no mention of intended area size for this optimus . 
8 hours at least 
this is mine & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; battery operated personal pocket fan , white ( white ) reviewed battery operated personal pocket fan , white ( white ) this is a cool item ! july 19 , 2014 i am so happy with this fan . it looks like a cell phone , so when you hold it to your face it just looks like you 're talking on the phone . not a super strong breeze , but will cool you down nonetheless . 
around an hour if continuous use 
about 2 5 8 '' wide by 4 3 4 '' long by 3 4 '' thick . 
i think if you contact the vender he she will let you know . i just used names 
hi joan ! here are the towel and fabric options we offer . after placing an order you will receive an email from adorable studio or feel free to contact us directly if we can help further ! 1. towel color blue , red , apple green , pink , raspberry , orange , purple , plum , yellow , gray , chocolate , teal , white 2. fabric choice for the name blue chevron , polka dot or gingham check red polka dot or check apple green chevron , polka dot or gingham check pink chevron , polka dot or gingham check purple chevron , polka dot , gingham check yellow chevron , polka dot or gingham check gray chevron , polka dot or check chocolate chevron , or check teal chevron , polka dot or gingham check rainbow chevron or polka dot black chevron , polka dot , check or houndstooth check 
to let us know the personalization information you can send us a direct message or reply to our message . we will contact you after purchase for customization information . 
yes . there is a 10 letter max per towel . we are open to special requests . please direct message the seller for more information . thank you ! 
yes ! numbers are available . design it as you would like ! 
yes it is what you need . it works great . easy to install . 
our system was installed same year , yes it works very well . make sure your plug is compatible though . 
yes 
the canister which collects the debris is usually mounted in the garage somewhere . with mine you unlatch , twist off , remove and carefully dump the debris in an oversized bag . i.e . creates a big dust cloud when dumped . if you mean how to clean the hoses mounted in the walls ... . since all the debris is carried to the canister it probably does not matter . any hand held part or attachment could be cleaned in a sink with soap and water ( do not submerge any electrical parts or cords though ! ) . good luck . 
yes . that is the style i have . this unit works great for less $ ! i contacted the # on the website with the same concern and he called me back asap ! 
the cover is an option . 
not easily ! they come attached . 
it 's micro fiber , looks like a tawny suede ... .. i love it ... : ) 
i would say it is a medium brown or just brown . not to light and not to dark . it is not orange toned like a rust color . 
have n't had the problem as yet . imagine it would clean well with just warm , soapy water . these footstools hold lots of stuff -- blankets , papers , and miscellaneous things you do n't necessarily want company to see . 
the table is 40 '' tall and 23 1 2 '' wide . large enough for 2 people to eat on of four people to have drinks . 
yes , four bolts are all that are removed to store it flat . 
this item does n't have a specific warranty . replacement parts for purchases made within 60 days are available if there is a defect . 
unfortunately , we do not have just the top available . 
no it can not be used outside , it is not very well built 
the cord comes out the bottom of the right rail and the power on the bottom of the left rail has some fairly unobtrusive orange glow when on . 
might take about 20 minutes to warm a wet towel , and 5 minutes to warm a dry towel . it keeps the bathroom a little warm and damp-free . such a pleasure to have . 
1.5 '' between the narrowly spaced ones , 4.5 '' in the center . we do n't hang towels like they show in the picture . we put one on the top , and one through the middle . we find they get warmest when they are folded . we fold in thirds ( length wise ) then in half and in half again . this seems to retain the head the best . this thing is very well made , we love it . 
no , it has to be mounted to a wall . 
this is the plug in model . they do have hard wired ones . usually the photo will show a small rectangular plate on one mounting leg 
it has a lifetime limited factory warranty . ~mcgrath 
this is an elegant dinner room or kitchen table . it is beautiful with rich color wood and very comfortable chairs . mine is the pub tall set and i have no problems using it for daily meals . my only complaint is the table top does wobble just a little bit when you are doing things like cutting meat on your plate or something similar . i choice to live with it and it does n't bother us anymore . a really nice table for the price . i would suggest that you really read all the directions at first , and when it comes to the small screws on the chair rungs , use longer screws if needed , as ours were too short and not reaching the wood . also we had this delivered to our home , and you need to ask for a lift on the truck and make sure they do not try to just drop it off , the table top weighs several hundred pounds and you need at least 2 or 3 people to pick it up . so i would suggest they unload it close to your placement if you decide to buy this item . good luck . 
no , it does not come with an extension leaf . 
no , not sure where you could find that . 
i did n't . but it may depend on the shoes material . the ones i 've stretched have been leather or synthetic . i 'd try stretching w o spray and see how it works first . 
if you are asking if they meet a certain dress code for your place of employment , you will need to ask your supervisor . they do have a slight pointy toe to them , kind of a cross between pointy and round , so looks good to fit either style . 
no . it only stretches the width . 
i do n't think this is the best product to stretch flat shoes . the shape of this shoe stretcher is ideal for high heels . 
yes , for the toe box part of the shoe . 
8 for wide . 8.5 length n wide , double end stretcher . in 6 inch heel i ware 9. i wish i had order a larger stretcher . however the size that i have works . it just takes longer to stretch to where i need shoe fit to be . i just need to wide dyly . as in screw a little wider . i adjust dyly . i do this for 7 to 10 days . the adjustable buttons startch shoe in right area 's , to accommodated bunion corn crul u toes . i use button to widen and to stretch top . top located at opening of mouth . i also use pray boot stretcher with foot fitter . they work great together . boot spay can be used on shoes not just boots . i have worked on 2 shoes for month . my toes roll under . when i put on shoes my rolled toes roll futher under foot pad . the foot fitter is stretching thse shoe to where my toes are not bunch up tight . 4 more pair shoe to go . ea pair streched is money saved . 
no 
i dont think so because i am not sure how you could wind it inside the boot . i guess it would depend how deep the boot is 
no 
this is a generous twin size . twp people have slept on it since we bought it and both found it comfortable . 
thanks for your question ! the dimensions of the frame are 80 '' l x 38 '' w x 15 '' h. the mattress measures 38 '' w x 71 '' l. i hope this helps ! 
hi , thanks for your question . the dimensions of the frame are 80 '' l x 38 '' w x 15 '' h and dimensions of the mattress are 38 '' w x 71 '' l. for future reference , this information can be found in the product description section of the product page . i hope this helps ! 
great bed . very comfortable . basically a twin size . i use it in a vacation rental and have only had good comments about it . 
cloth . it is the most comfy thing ever , but it 's not something you can just wipe off if you spill on it . we love ours , though . 
it 's about 12 '' from the floor . i would not describe this as a chair . it is an extra wide bean bag and is nowhere near as tall as the picture implies . i was disappointed in the shape of it , but my niece and her friends absolutely love it and that is who i purchased it for , so if they like it , i 'm happy . 
no sadly : ( 
i did get the hepa filter for this vacuum . it does help a lot with the dog hair . i have a shepherd mix with a lot of underfur . the filter helped capture the hair and left my house smelling fresher because the hair with dander was captured . they last a long time . i purchased this for xmas last year ( 2013 ) and have not had to change the filter yet . ( 7 2014 ) 
amazon is like any other dealer . submit registration and miele will have to honor it . 
28 pounds . very easy to push and maneuver and one of our top selling miele vacuums . janeen 
i do n't think so . it is an awesome machine ! expensive but worth it . it 's super quiet , cleans really well , is very well thought out & designed , easy to use and cleans the air while you use it ! my wife & i were just singing it 's praises 2 days ago . 
ultimate is 28cm long ( 11.01 inches ) and 4.9cm ( 1.92 inches ) wide at the blade . it feels like a `` normal '' sized spatula ; ) 
mine is pink , but no problems with stains . 
packaging indicates it is manufactured in china 
a fitted sheet . that 's it . this is not a sheet set . 
mine were a sage type green and were fine did not bleed at all . 
yes , the corner seams are 15 inches long . they fit a thicker mattress . 
one ply 
goes all around . 
yes -- but the backs are unfinished . 
the product dimensions can be found on the manufacturers website : http : www.altrafurniture.com eng altra-newfiles productdocuments functional % 20drawing-9358096.pdf 
i felt they wher disappointingly shallow . they are about 13 inches high 9 inches deep , and 11 1 2 inches wide . 
the product dimensions can be found on the manufacturers website : http : www.altrafurniture.com eng altra-newfiles productdocuments functional % 20drawing-9358096.pdf 
i am home right now and cant measure it . but i do not recommend this furniture as the pieces you assemble do not fit properly . i have 2 of these and regret buying them . 
yes 
yes , each 100 set comes in that plastic package with a lid . 
i 'm not sure what you mean . they are regular baking cupcake liners . only the container they all come in has a lid as the picture shows . 
i 'm guessing you can . i do n't see why not . i just do n't think they 'll really stick together . i think the cupcake in the foil liner would be separated and loose from the designer one . 
average , as any other ... .i 've bought many over the yrs ( different brands ) and all seem to be the same height . 
the plasmawave seems to make a slight buzzing noise on mine , but if i turn plasmawave off ( hold the auto button for 3 seconds ) that noise goes away . 
size 17 ( 113050 ) . http : www.amazon.com winix-size-replacement-filter-113050 dp b00e4vvc2g ref=pd_sim_hg_3 
according to the product description on amazon `` aham room size rating of 150 sq . ft '' 
no , when you power it back on it will revert back to ( auto-quiet ) and will change speeds as determined by air quality . 
the filters can initially be vacuumed , but at some point they do need to be replaced . we have been quite satisfied with the performance of our units . when one ( we have five units ) failed , the unit was replaced without a problem . 
i bought two units six months ago and both are in high dust and dander areas ( next to litter boxes in a house of four cats ) and i have not had to replace the filters yet . great design and quiet as well . 
today the filters recommended in another question are $ 59.99 . 
mine fit a wide mouth ball jar , but it did n't seal so spilled liquids when tipped up . it is n't useable . 
from outside to outside , the diameter is exactly 3.5 inches . however , i do not recommend this product - it leaks - unless it 's screwed on exactly right - which for me , is about 25 % of the time ( at a guess ) . maybe it 's me , or maybe there 's a trick to it , but i no longer use my caps for this reason . also , the cap thing on top falls into the flow of the beverage , so that has to be held open , which is awkward because you 're also holding the jar . the caps are a great idea and i hope they fix these problems but until then - do n't waste your money . 
i drink from it often and never noticed awkwardness . i turn the lid so it flips to the side , so gravity kind of takes care of it . plus , my finger can go right there , if needed . this way , smoothie does n't drip on my nose , either : ) 
it fits a wide mouth mason or ball jar . but i threw it in the recycle trash this week because it is truly non functional . 
it says pp # 5 ... ... .. 
any size mason jar with a wide-mouth . 
it 's not a lot of noise . i use a headset for work and i can hear easily without having to turn it off . 
the little red button you see on the base in the picture allows you to turn the occilation on or off . 
hardly even noticable i would say $ 5.00 
i do not believe it does . and to check , i just tipped mine over while running ( on a carpeted floor ) . it did not shut off . 
yes . and i think it stays on the warm setting for 8 hours . 
4 1 2 `` deep , in my opinion , very deep , love the cooker 
automatically ... no . you would have to switch it to low manually . the `` cook time '' setting will only work on either `` high '' or `` low '' , and then switch to `` keep warm '' . 
14 hours . cook time plus warm can not exceed 14 hours . 
no it does not . best wishes 
no . it does not have a lid holder . 
need to be screwed 2 on top 2 on the middle and 2 on the bottom 
yes 
this is currently the only item like this that we have listed on amazon . we apologize for any inconvenience . 
it is 18 '' wide , 60 '' long ( that includes where the hooks hang on the door ) , and the baskets project 6 '' from the door . they are wonderful ! ! i have them hanging from nearly every door in our house . they are untapped storage ! 
the whole thing is 19 inches wide and about 5 1 2 deep ... the sheves themselves are about 16 inches wide - the difference in width is the frame that keeps the shelves together 
no they do n't fit the nutribullet . 
yes ! 
100 % leakproof so far ! 
i 'm not sure what the `` mini '' magic bullet it . this fits the standard magic bullet ( i 've had it for about three years so it 's not a new product ) and it fits on all of the containers that came with that magic bullet . 
they screw on and have a rubber gasket to seal them . but sometimes they get loose 
yes 
yes 
i do n't have a nutribullet , just the regular magic bullet so i 'm not sure . 
the lids have a rubber gasket inside . they are very sturdy . i purchased to go with my cuizen blender . and it fits perfect . 
china 
yes , it can automatic shut off after it boils . 
if your hands are the size of most professional basketball players , no . the opening is roughly 3.5 inches wide . hope that helps you . 
no , the element is not exposed . it has a flat stainless steel bottom 
china , i beleive . 
a sticker on the bottom says , conforms to ul std 1082 
no 
i use mine every single day and have not one problem . works great ! see if your unit has a warranty and contact manufacturer listed on manual . 
yes , there is an orange light on the bottom black rim . see photo ... oval , orange light on the front , bottom , black area 
yes , they nest together quite snuggly . 
yes , two chairs 
i use water from my brita pitcher and i have n't had any problems . i have had the unit for about 6 months . 
no temperature control . on off . output high , low , auto of fan speed . humidity selection . the temperature of water used can reach 92 degrees . i hope this response is helpful . 
it does not turn off complete , the fan still runs when it reaches the set limit , but it does not output any moisture at that point . it turns on and off the mist only , not the fan . 
yes , it does . 
an evaporative humidifier has a wick or sponge through which air is blown , evaporating the water off the large surface area , to humidify the air . an ultrasonic humidifier uses an ultrasonic transducer to break the water up into small droplets or mist which blown into the room and actually evaporate in the room air . 
i 'm watching that powerful beam of moist air billow out of my vornado right now ! simply the description of the cool air that is moisturizing the air in my unbelievably dry bedroom . humidity was 16 % yesterday . right now it is 33 % and rising ! love it . the noise is n't annoying ... .can hear the tv with no problem . 
yes . the evaporative models have wicks are noisy and get moldy . 
no it will keep running when empty 
no.there are cartridges that need to be replaced but if you use filtered or distilled water you do not absolutely have to use those cartridges 
it 's a head neck support . unless you have no neck it will do its job . 
i have used it on planes ( high back ) and when sitting on the couch ( low back ) . it does not immobilize your head as it is stuffed similar to a firm plush toy . it allows you to lean your head slightly to one side or the other while gaining support on that side 's shoulder . your head remains upright when sitting upright , if you slumped forward the pillow will not work . the head is gently `` cradled '' by the two wings and the chin is supported ( not firmly propped up ) by the `` j '' aspect . it does not use the back of the chair for support , rather your shoulder is the prop . hope this helps 
yes , it helps support the side of your head by holding your chin and side of face . 
i found it worked extremely well when i had my head turned to the side a bit and the pillow braced between the headrest and my head & neck . it worked much better than any u-shaped pillow i 've ever tried . 
no it doesnt , very comfortable . i fly from dubai to atlanta and back ( 14+hrs one way ) and it is a great pillow ! wish i would have bought it much sooner ! 
hints of rust , not deep red . little bit of hot pink , yes . but not too feminine , in my opinion . 
my wall is a light coffee color . it blends well and allows the blue and fuchsia to stand out . the quilt is diverse enough it will go with other colors as well . what color were you thinking ? 
it comes with the shams ! i love this set ! ! ! 
i ordered the full size for my daughter 's bed and am unable to measure right now . however , this is more of a quilt or comforter size and not a bedspread size . bedspreads have length and width to the floor as well as room to fold over pillows . this does not . we use it as a comforter with the pillow shams that came with it . you would need a dust ruffle if using it as a comforter . my daughter 's bed is a platform bed ; a mattress sitting on a wood base . we tuck the quilt under the mattress for a clean look . 
it is very feminine . i guess it would depend on the boy . 
terrible , it does n't hold color after a delicate wash. now it 's in the basement for my dogs . i do n't recommend purchasing it , waste of money , poor value . 
? ? ? ? 
yes , a little . this is really a lovely set . 
yes 
yes , it fits both well . 
i have the 14 '' wok and its diameter at the bottom is 7.25 inches inside & about 7.5 inches outside . 
7inches 
3.15 inches x 19.69 inches x 11.02 inches 
no , you ca n't put this in oven . 
yes 
yes , you can . please send the photo to us . the price is same as you see 
just the 1 side.. 
after you placed the order , then email us and tell us you wan na design the other side of the pillow . then provide us with the picture or text . we 'll design for you and send you the picture to let you confirm it . please also kindly note that you should pay extra $ 3 for a pillowcase with 2 sides . thank you 
of course & # 65281 ; 
they are standard cases 
no , but the top sheet has elastic on the bottom corners , similar to a fitted shert . the top corners that go at the head pf the bed are flat . most beds at the front of the newer campers will have about a two-foot overhang at the foot , so this helps to keep things neat and tidy . i would highly recommend these sheets . 
hi ! these have an fitted flat . they are n't attached to the bottom sheet but are elasticized around the foot of the bed so that they stay tucked . thanks , jennifer 
no more than regular sheets in the house . 
if you are putting an additional 4 '' memory foam on top of your regular mattress this fitted sheet will not be deep enough . i have a 1 '' memory foam on top of my regular mattress and it just fits , there is no extra depth that would allow for the 4 '' foam . 
i used in a class c queen bed and they were perfect . also used on queen couch air bed . also perfect because nothing to really secure them to so they do n't come out at the bottom 
it uses an lr44 battery ( that is the same one that is in virtually every small noisy child 's toy ) an ag13 will also work . 
the metal probe is 2.75 '' long . the entire unit is 6.75 '' long . however the protective cap when connected to the opposite end makes the unit 10 '' long . this nice feature saves a lot of fingers when the grill is really hot . this is a great unit and i definitely recommend it . 
yes , it turns itself off after about 10 minutes . 
17.5 inches 
it should . i marked mine all the way around anyway it just makes it easier . 
i am sorry we do not ship international via our amazon page . instead visit storenvy.com 
not really . there is really enough room for just a name . it is 15-20 spaces maximum . 
i purchased these , and they adhere great to my scuba gear after multiple dives . i 'm not sure how well they would stick to a bumpy surface - everything i have used them on has a smooth spot somewhere . maybe there 's a support rail or other smooth spot somewhere on the kayak ? 
i applied a few just a couple of days before we went and they stayed on just fine . i do n't see anything that would keep you from going diving very soon after putting them on . 
seller will contact you via email . i guess you can attach your logo . 
i am sorry we do not ship international via our amazon page . instead visit storenvy.com 
the shelves are 17.5 inches wide , 16 inches deep , and the height is adjustable . 
there are places to screw into the back of any tv to mount it either on the wall or on the pole that comes with the tv stand . i did n't use this feature . my tv just sits on the stand . 
yes 
for my tv the lowest setting would allow the tv to rest on the stand . the highest setting would raise the tv about 11 inches above the surface of the stand . the location of the mounts on the back of your tv as well as the size of the tv will affect these positions . my tv is the same width as the stand and the height of my tv is 31 inches . the stand is 22 3 4 inches tall when assembled . 
yes , it pivots . 
mine is black . 
if you 're asking if the pole mount can accommodate a 55 '' tv , i do n't know . i have a 55 '' thin bezel samsung sitting on mine , using the table stand that came with the tv , and it 's every so slightly wider than the width of this unit . 
yes it can be washed in the dishwasher but i usually hand wash . 
the answer is absolutely no . this description is from fiesta 's own website . 11 piece cookware set scarlet ( 710 ) set contains : - 1qt covered saucepan - 2qt covered saucepan - 3qt covered casserole - 2.5qt covered skillet w lh - egg expert - 8 '' frypan - 11 '' frypan healthy ceramic non-stick thermolon interior ptfe , pfoa , lead + cadmium free oven & broiler safe up to 850 & # 8457 ; , glass lids up to 450 & # 8457 ; product imported from china 
according to homerlaughlin dot com it is not induction capable . the masquerade fiesta cookware is induction capable . 
counting the scrolled ends , the height of this holder is 5 inches . the scrolled ends are slightly higher than the holder itself . it measure 3 feet long with the scrolled ends . i hope this helps . 
it will hold 4 but they need to be dessert size . 3 if they are standard dinner plate size . 
probably 8.5 '' max . i have 8 '' plates and there 's a 1 '' space between . 
no , it is specifically made for plates . there is only about 1 2 inch of available space to fit a plate . 
its flat against the wall like a picture frame would be 
each door is 18 '' wide attached together with hinges that allows the two doors to open and close . the two doors equals 36 '' which is the door opening that the doors fit . please see the description . the two doors together are 1 '' thick x 36 '' wide x 80 '' high . fits 36 x 80 opening . 
yes 
yes they are 
they come already painted white.but you can paint it in any color you want.sand it a little before painting though 
that depends on what `` just under 36 '' means . the door should work well with openings as narrow as 35 5 8 '' . any narrower than that and you may have a hard time opening and closing the door , because the side with the pivot ( hinge ) could rub against the frame jamb when you try to swing it . if that happens , you could try rounding the edge of the door that is rubbing ( by using some sandpaper , or if you 're handy and have a small block plane , you could shave off the edge . hope that helps . good luck . 
doors are 1 '' thick 
33 '' tall and 25 '' wide and 12 '' deep 
solid wood . its a very nice piece of furniture . bottoms of drawers are somewhat thin so i would n't put anything too heavy in them . i love it for an entry table for keys , leashes and mail . 
matte grey , very light , i love it ! 
karen . i hate to say this but i hate to return this piece of furniture because it was so poorly built . i would say that if you could get it put together you would not be happy with staining it . it 's a nice rustic green and i think if you tried to stain it it would end up almost black . you would be better off painting it i would think . good luck ! 
sure . finish is rough so be careful with drinks , use a coaster . 
top drawers are 6 x 6 inches . smaller bottom drawers are 4.5 x 4.inches . bottom middle is 9 x 4 . 
just scroll down on the page and all details are there . 
usa 
sorry , i have no idea . you 'd probably need to contact the seller directly . these question forums are for asking questions to people who have purchased the item . good luck 
no . you would use a jigger or shot glass to measure 
it depends ... do you want to just keep the top from coming open unexpectedly or completely lock it ? you could probably install a clasp to make it difficult for small people ( kids ? ) from opening it . i do n't see how you attach something to completely lock it though . 
24 1 4 in h . 23 in l. 11 in w . 
about 14.5 inches 
not sure what exactly you mean by is the back part stationary . the top of the table can flip open to allow storage inside the table . 
height : 24 & 1 4th inches . length : 23 inches . width : 11 inches . 
yes very quiet , my only complaint is with the emblem on the front wo n't stay on . its some sticky thing that keeps peeling off . so its a cosmetic thing for me . 
i love my red retro fridge , and it came to me in perfect condition & very well packed & protected . 
i did without incident.. in fact i now have it on a carpet rug on carpet since i am in a rental with nice carpet ... but even direct on carpet i had no issues ... it does mention in the instructions to put a mat under it on carpet incase of leaving marks from the motor ... but has never been an issue for me and i have both the red and the black model . 
it has metal bars that suspend bag in place . they run along front and back , not the sides . 
i just tried sitting on it . my assumption was going to be that it would n't make a very stable seat , but it 's actually surprisingly nice to sit on , both with and without a bunch of laundry inside it . the only possible problem for long-term sitting is the height - my feet do n't reach the ground when i sit on it . 
i have n't searched so a replacement liner . the liner can be taken out and washed though . 
hi christine , the dimensions are : 13.2 deep x 20 wide x 24.8 tall inches . please do n't hesitate to contact me if you have further questions . sandy , owner best kitchen products http : www.amazon.com oceanstar-solid-wood-laundry-hamper dp b00bstnd9m ref=sr_1_1 ? m=a3nnj3mr0fi6ow & s=merchant-items & ie=utf8 & qid=1381709228 & sr=1-1 & keywords=oceanstar+solid+wood+spa+laundry 
look under product features for dimensions . 
no 
i have been able to use bare hands on all of the pieces , even after long periods on the stove top . they get hot , but not uncomfortably so . this , of course , does not apply when the pieces are used in the oven . 
it depends . the 15 piece set was made in the usa and is clearly marked on the box . see - http : www.tramontina-usa.com some of the specialty sets are made both in the usa and i believe in brazil . sometimes i will see an odd piece or so in a discount store and they always say made in china . i got the 15 piece set and absolutely love it . one hint - do not ever put high heat under the pot or pan . it is n't needed . good luck ! 
i definitely would n't recommend it . 
my 15 piece set has a 10 '' saute pan with lid , an 8 '' fry pan , 12 '' fry pan with lid , 12 '' round grill pan , 5.5 '' , 6.5 '' and 7.5 '' diameter sauce pans with lids , 12 '' stir fry pan , and a 9.5 '' x7 '' covered stock pot . 
http : en.m.wikipedia.org wiki induction_cooking 
i have n't had any issues with bubbling or other type defects with tramontina . what i did receive from my amazon purchase is a couple of warped pieces in my set . not fatal flaws but i do expect quality to be good . 
no : - ( 
not quiet for sure but probably no noisier than other vacuum cleaners i 've had other past 20 years . i definitely would not use it late at night or early morning so as not to disturb apartment neighbors . 
no retractable cord . you have to wrap it up on the back . vacuum works great though . we love it . 
remains as pictured . be advised that the unit weighs 17 pounds so stair cleaning is a real chore . and if you do n't have compressed air , forget about getting the canister clean . 
mine is 2400 sq ft and this vacuum is fine : ) 
no 
yes it does hard floors . we use it o vinyl floors in the kitchen and bathroom . works great . has setting for hard floors . 
yes , my son has a full ( double ) bed and we bought this for him . it fits just fine . it 's definitely long enough from head to foot , but we bought a rather thick mattress with a pillowtop on it so the sides hang down about to the bottom of the mattress where it meets the box spring . just mentioning that in case you were looking to have it hang lower than that . he loves it . it 's warm and soft and washes very well . the cat seems to enjoy it too since he has been taking his mid-afternoon naps on it every day . 
i just bought the comforter and it does fit our sons queen bed . the sheets i do n't know . 
this mattress is a dud . do n't buy it unless you not only want to waste the $ 130.00 purchase price but $ 50.00 shipping . the vendor does not care if you like it or not . 
10 x 54 x 75 inches 
no . the price is only for the table . 
yes . it 's very similar to an ikea furniture in terms of assembling process . it 's not difficult . i did it by myself ( i 'm a female ) . 
thanks for your question , the chairs can be found here : http : www.amazon.com jofran-counter-height-maryland-merlot dp b00dbtlvfa ref=pd_bxgy_hg_text_y i hope this helps ! 
thank you for posting your question . the dimensions of this product are 36 '' h x 48 '' w x 22 '' d. this information can be found on the product detail page under the `` product description '' section . hope this helps 
about an inch below the slot . there should be markings on your box . i love mine - got one for my daughter . my cutter bar came off after several uses so i just hot glued it back on . 
i do n't see why not , but i have not tried it . the box is the standard size for plastic wrap and can be refilled with a store bought brand . if the foil and wax paper are the same length it should fit in the box fine . 
i tried mine with aluminum foil , and yes , it did work . 
yes it will fit in most drawers 
cardboard with a heavy glossy ( maybe plastic coated ) paper . 
it fits 350 ml which is the same as 11.8 ounces which would be 3 expresso size cup . it 's just right for my 12 ounce coffee cups and there 's room for a little milk . 
yes . 
2.66 '' ( 67.6mm ) dia . 5.25 '' ( 133mm ) tall the previous answer must have been for a larger size , not the 350ml one . 
i 'm not sure , but the replacement costs approx $ 10 and the whole french press costs approx $ 15- $ 17 , so you could either just buy the replacement and if it did n't work you could buy the whole unit and have an extra replacement . i also think the sizes are rather similar between brands . hope this helps ... 
truthfully 15 inches would probably be tight . both the lid for the coffer and water are top loading . i believe cuisinart makes a front loader for the coffee but once again the water is top loading . 
very easy . the part where the coffee ends up has a little handle on it that you can lift the entire unit out and just dump . it almost looks like a little bucket so it 's very easy to dump any leftover coffee and rinse it out . 
this is an awesome machine . it brews very hot . just make sure you leave your keep hot setting on for however long you will be wanting coffee . i have mine set for 2 hrs which is generally how long it takes us to finish the pot . 
ok , i have the fix . the problem is the lever under the diverter does not get pushed back far enough . the protrusion on the rear of the reservoir only pushes to the horizontal , which lets the water from condensation drip backwards , underneath . i got a teeny screwdriver ( a paper clip might work ) got it red hot and pressed it into the lever several times until it burned a hole through it . next i got a teensy screw and screwed it into the hole , leaving 1 4 '' sticking out . now when you place the reservoir into the coffee pot it will push the lever back an extra 1 4 '' which levers the water diverter down more at an angle so the water can run down it properly . i still get a few drips down in the heating element but that 's better than the fill up i used to get.. ( original answer ) the only way to get the water out is tip the whole thing into the sink . ours fills up and will leak onto the counter after just a few says if we do n't do this . the problem is a poor design in the diverter that is supposed to send the condensation back into the carafe , but does n't . 
no you do n't use a carafe with this coffee maker you just push that rectangle button with your coffee cup or travel mug and fill it up that way , the coffee stays hot inside the machine for up to 4 hours , the coffee does n't scorch or get burnt , there is a hot plate inside , the coffee brews into a bucket and dispenses from that push button , if you want to take the bucket out and fill a carafe for company you could do that ! i use coffee cups ! 
because it is leaking . i had the same problem and called hamilton beach and they are sending me a new unit . had a choice of whether to wait until the end of the month when they will have a new improved one of the same model or a different model . i chose to go for a different model . all i had to pay is $ 13.00 for shipping . 
they say that they are made in china . 
shout gel gel not spray 
the tag reads 100 % microfiber . i have washed and dried my set , they are still soft , no pilling so far . no ironing ! modal is a type of rayon , [ 1 ] a semi-synthetic cellulose fiber made by spinning reconstituted cellulose , in this case often from beech trees . modal is used alone or with other fibers ( often cotton or spandex ) in household items such as pajamas , towels , bathrobes , underwear and bedsheets . manufacturers claim a number of advantages for the fiber : about 50 % more hygroscopic ( water-absorbent ) per unit volume than cotton , takes dye like cotton , color-fast when washed in warm water , resistant to shrinkage and fading but prone to stretching and pilling . it is also claimed that mineral deposits from hard water do not stick to the fabric surface . it is smooth and soft , more so than mercerized cotton , though some perceive it to have a synthetic texture . modal fabrics should be washed at lower temperatures and , like cotton , are often ironed after washing . 
i am not sure if it would be called jersey , i think it is more like a microfiber . hope this is helpful . i 'm not real sure what jersey feels like . 
i tested it just now by scratching the `` oxo '' with my fingernail , and there was no change ( that is , it did n't scratch off at all ) . i 'd say , `` it 's within the realm of possibility , but highly unlikely . '' keep in mind , this product was recently purchased . mama has one also , but i do n't remember her stating that the one she has wore out . 
i would say no . i think it is too small . 
i do n't know , i 've never needed to put it in the microwave . sorry . 
the 2 cup is black priting 
it 's actually a 15 '' drop . 
three sided both sides and foot 
yes 
no 
the one i own is 115 v with an american plug . 
yes you can remove the blades 
have n't thrown it on a scale , but it 's pretty hefty . any blender rated in horsepower is going to be pretty heavy -- and needs to have the gravity to stay put when doing some heavy blending . i love mine 
i have used it with the blade that comes with it and it works just fine ! 
yes . there are 4 holes for sprinkling and a slot for pouring . 
it 's a screw-on lid , and there is no silicone gasket to keep it sealed . however , it is a very tightly fitting lid . i have n't had any problem with herbs in them but i 'd avoid finely ground spices that might get in the grooves of the lid and make it difficult to close . 
no . since the containers are sideways when magnetized to something , you have to lift the lid off every time . 
the 5 year warranty covers against any damage due to faulty workmanship . this includes faulty sewing and permanent indentations depressions . 
it 's quite firm - as firm as any 'firm ' mattress i have ever had and a very good alternative if you are not ready to replace your mattress , but need support , as we did , for a bad back . 
i do n't think it would be wise to refold it . rolling it gently would be better . we will be storing ours as a mattress topper on a bed and then removing it to use on the airbed when guests come . that way it wo n't compress again . btw it has now expanded around 1 3 of the perimeter of the bed so i know it will eventually be 100 % . 
the shelves measure 10 1 2 '' x 8 '' 
hi james , it 's 58 1 2 inches tall 
the shelf inserts are removable . you can make the depth whatever you would like on either side . 
weight-wise probably . the dimensions are there , so if your tv is wider and or taller ( though doubtfully taller ) we can assume it wo n't fit 
no . it 's fiber board 
this shoe organizer is 73 '' x 22.5 '' . 
no it does n't . the top middle and bottom portions have kind if a tongue and groove and the bars pop into holes . my bottom portion kept sliding out bc my boots are heavy i think , but i did a quick fix with 2 zip ties on each side : ) all in all it 's fine . 
the sides are hard plastic , the bars that run across are metal . it 's the sturdiest shoe rack of this style that i have tried found . 
they are not made in the united states as reed & barton products used to be , they are produced in `` china '' . that said , the set is very elegant and of medium weight . i receive lots of compliments on the design and the flatware is reasonably priced . i like it very much . hope this helps . 
it is silver plated . it appears to be a thick silver plate as it does not wear off or spot after repeated washings . i am very happy with the set of reed and barton flatware . 
not sure but since they are stainless steel , i did n't think it was an issue . 
it has a cord no battery option . 
i just whipped up a cake last week using this and it worked fine . it was a boxed mix . be sure to scape the bowl to get well mixed . 
i have n't tried grinding meat yet , just soups , and barbecue sauces , which it has worked great on . 
yes , there is a 2-cup measuring cup . i did n't need anything more ( have enough `` stuff '' as it is . ) love this stick , though . so easy to use with great performance . 
yes . this comes with a limited 3-year warranty . 
yes it does , much easier than large bulky mixers . you will love it . just do n't bog it down . 
wondering the same thing ? does it still have the cheap plastic gear that breaks or has it been updated ? 
if by `` tippy '' you mean will they tip over when empty , i do n't have a problem with them tipping over but i only stack them 2 high . they are pretty for the price i have no complaints . i stack them in the back of my truck to take to the recycling plant and they do n't tip over in the back of truck either . 
bin measures 13.5 '' tall ( handle folded down ) , 10.5 '' wide and 14.25 '' deep . 
product dimensions : 14.2 x 10.5 x 13.5 inches ; 1.8 pounds 
each basket stands about 12 inches tall . i hope that helps . 
on the bottom of the container it says '' hdpe '' - hope this helps 
they were not hard to assemble but it was difficult to make them balance on all four legs . 
depth is 9 , width is 14.5 
no 
they are just average stools . 
the feet are 15 '' deep from front to back . 
sorry but we can not break up a set 
i would say around 5 pounds . lightweight but sturdy . 
17 '' x9 '' x1 '' thick . the rounded edges make them very comfortable . 
no this is quit small 
big one is 12.5x9x15 . med one is 9.5x7x12 . an one is 6.5x6x8.5 . they are really nice . 
they are not really trunks , more like boxes ... the biggest is 15.5 '' x 12.5 '' x 9 '' , the middle one is 12 '' x 9.5 '' x 7 '' and the smallest is 8.75 '' x 5.75 '' x 5.5 '' . they are very cute , but small 
hello these are the sizes of 3 boxes : 16 '' x9 '' x13 '' , 12 '' x7 '' x9 '' , 9 '' x6 '' x6 '' thanks decor aisle customer service 
no ! my storage colors r laugh : black , everything else were close 2 the pic . also the hooks r so far off ( meaning do n't expect 4 them 2 lock ) their just there for decorations . i had them repaired and made it work 4 me ! good luck 
yes ! ! i have a queen size bed . 
yes , we can . shipping to australia is $ 48.99 . 
made in china . did you read my product review ? ? these are my own photos of the thing : 
it is about 2.25 inches thick when folded . mine arrived with a slightly bent leg , i suppose because the packaging was so shoddy . its fine for the price but i do not recommend it . 
i measured it out to 62 '' long and about 2.25 '' deep . 
no 
i do n't want to be rude but i have no idea . 
you have to buy the pump separately but this company makes a good one that is very compact . 
it 's an air mattress and decks usually have nails and stuff popping out that might pop it . and if it rains i suggest you do n't get it wet either . other than that it 's very durable indoors . 
no there is n't 
76x91x28 
i only know of the one color that is a darkish grey color . my son has it in his dorm room at college . seems to be functioning well for that use . 
the sofa does not come with a pump , however i ordered the `` intex portable electric air pump - 120 volt ac quick-fill design with three nozzles '' off amazon and it works very well . the sofa inflated in 5-6 minutes ( there are three separate sections ) and the pump is surprisingly quiet and small . great value for both items . 
i will not help you waste your money . 
i do n't know the dimensions for you , but it is larger than i expected when i bought it , it 's made for a pound of butter , not a stick of butter 
it 's large enough to hold 2 `` east coast '' sticks of butter . i live in the east so i do n't know what you mean but 2 standard sticks ( 1 2 lb ) fit side by side just fine , but i think it is too short for 2 sticks on top of hach other to fit but almost . 
yes 
this large sized roll pillow measures 20 '' in length and 7 '' in diameter vs. 12 '' in length and 5 '' in diameter for the petite one . 
about 6-1 4 inches . works well but is `` very '' firm . takes a little `` breaking in '' but well worth the price . 
diameter is 7 '' 
it 's about the length of a regular size pillow . i own two of these pillows . love them . i bought them because i was in a car accident that messed up my neck . my chiropractor recommended them to me . my neck does n't hurt when i wake up in the morning and i sleep through the night . hope this helps . melody 
i would be happy to help if you can be more precise with your question . are we talking about tuscany bananas or neapolitan bananas ? 
no . the dielectric constant of the plastic material is too high . to achieve a functional thermal assist , a three-phase power source is required . i suggest using an adaptor that allows you to plug in a set of jumper cables into a four-prong twistlock outlet ( to avoid accidental electrocution , obviously ) . 
it 's hard to tell , as my perception of time has been transformed by this unique invention . before , the days seemed to crawl by and blur together . my hours were spent slicing up bananas by hand , and would n't you know it , by the time i 'd finish one i 'd inevitably burned enough calories slicing to be hungry again ! now my days are full of playing guitar , watching sunsets , going on hikes , all the things i love to do ! i did n't even know what 'time ' was before the hutzler 571b came into my life ! 
no , but an instruction booklet on how to eat larger slices of banana is available for $ 9.99 
these are made of plastic and as such are not suitable for sharpening . when used with bananas which are soft they need not be sharpened . 
did n't measure them but too thick ... ... do not buy it does not slice all the way through ... . 
15 1 2 inches wide and 19 1 2 inches long . it is made of a good grade of plastic and nicely molded . i do like this product and would buy again . 
it is flexible but it stays in shape and works well with a drainer rack on top of it and the water drains into the sink . i am very happy with it . 
i have n't tried the disc but as long as the material is the same and the same or similar prep before using i would think they would be fine . i can say though that the original brown sugar bear works very well at keeping your brown sugar fresh much longer . also found it works well with raisins . 
i remember that mine each came in own package stapled together . 
i 've never used one of these as a diffuser , only just for the original use which is to keep brown sugar fresh ! what an idea though , how creative ! terra cotta is porous so i 'd imagine it would soak up the oil , but you would never be able to wash all that oil and aroma out of it to use it in food after that . 
i would certainly assume so . seem to be solid clay ceramic material . 
if i recall correctly , there is . if not , all you need to do is let them soak for a bit in water , then shake or wipe off the excess and set it in a tightly closed container with your brown sugar . i re-soak mine every 6 months to a year , depending on how fast they dry out . it keeps the sugar perfectly soft . 
made in canada - that 's a lot better than china ! : ) 
compressed in a roll and very easy to unpack 
it 's pretty firm without being rock solid . 
china 
we just use a bed frame but the frame has to have multiple slats across the center to hold it so it ca n't just be a standard bed frame . so ultimately to answer your question no box spring necessary if you have a bed frame with cross member support . 
you do , but i would not recommend this mattress at all ! unless you like sleeping on cement . 
it is high density . you do not sink in . we sold our because it was to firm . 
on sales 
high 1500 , low 750. btu : high 1500 , low 2561 i found these specs by googling the writing on the shipping box ( luckily lazily the heater that i ordered is still sitting inside of the box in by utility room ) . 
a room 12x12 . 144 sq ft. not much more 
i 'm not sure there is enough information in your `` question '' , but i 'll give it a whirl . if the lights are still on , it may have just reached the thermostat setting shown on the display . if that is what happened , it will come back on when the temperature falls approximately 2 degrees below your thermostat setting . you may also have set or accidentally set the timer . if the timer is set for 1 in the morning for 12 hours , for example , that is the only time it will come on . check the manual to ascertain how to check this . if no lights show on the display , you have a power problem . plug something else into the receptacle . if that something works , then you have an internal power problem in your heater . you 'll have to contact the manufacturer . if that something does n't work , you need to check to see if you have a breaker thrown . hope this helps . 
the one time that i have lost power since i got this i had to reset the thermostat . 
to be more accurate , this particular air purifier as well as many others have been certified by the california epa air resources board as either not producing ozone at all or emitting ozone in a concentration of less than 0.050 parts per million . in other words , extremely low or non-existent . the winix ones are also on the certified list . the list of certified air purifiers can be found at http : www.arb.ca.gov research indoor aircleaners certified.htm . 
110 only , but only pulls 1 amp so you do n't need a big powerful ( expensive ) inverter . 
yes , it is a plug . you need to buy filters after a year . $ 49.99 for 1 hepa filter ( replace once a year ) and 2 carbon filters for odor control ( replace 6 months ) 
the coverage area is 326 sq ft. let 's say a standard bedroom is 10x12 . that 's 120 sq feet , so it could theoretically cover an area just under the size of three average bedrooms . i use mine in a 168 sq ft room . 
the first time it was about 3 months , but it has been 5 months since then . i hope this helps . 
very quiet on its first setting . very loud on its 4th highest setting . 
i do n't know because i used it to hull walnuts . 
it 's all assembled except for putting on the handle . easy to do . 
regretfully only one black walnut at a time . 
nebraska , usa . the cast iron is a little rough , not the best i have ever seen , but surely a hard-working tool . unfortunate to have to pay so much , but since nobody uses these anymore ( except us ) , not much choice . old ones are sold as `` antiques '' and cost an arm and a leg . i 'm satisified with this purchase . hope these comments are helpful . 
hi , i do n't sell the sheller , but i bought one , and yes you could take the handle off and attach a pulley to run it with a motor . i just run my sheller by hand and i really like it for the pop corn i grow . hope this help , brian 
japan 
the rockwell scale is a hardness scale based on indentation hardness of a material . the rockwell test determines the hardness by measuring the depth of penetration of an indenter under a large load compared to the penetration made by a preload . [ 1 ] there are different scales , denoted by a single letter , that use different loads or indenters . the result is a dimensionless number noted as hra , where a is the scale letter . when testing metals , indentation hardness correlates linearly with tensile strength . [ 2 ] this important relation permits economically important nondestructive testing of bulk metal deliveries with lightweight , even portable equipment , such as hand-held rockwell hardness testers . [ citation needed ] 3 scales and values 
carving knife , chef 's knife , serrated knife , boning knife , two sizes of paring knives 
easy clean up . you need to clean by hand regardless as you will destroy the wooden handles if you put them in the dish wash. a little soap and water and it comes right off . 
yes , these knives are ambidextrous . 
yes , limited lifetime warranty i believe . 
yes the lids were with it . 
yes , it is . it is manufactured by owens-illinois 
sorry i do not know ... 
the growler comes with a lid . i 'm not sure about the size . 
this is a great bench . after receiving mine we bought one for our daughter . i do n't know the weight limit but my wife and i both sit on it when we but on our shoes , that would be about 260 lbs total . i do n't believe even 350 lbs or more would be excessive . great product we just love it . 
the middle shelf is 5 inches from the top shelf . the bottom shelf is 4 inches from the middles shelf and 4 inches above the floor . 
i happen to love this bench . it is well made and very sturdy . i sit on it while doing laundry we store lots below and it is what i consider a added feature in my mud room . i would say it holds hundreds of pounds ... it holds me ! 
approx 36 '' x 12 '' the bench is not at my house . not able to measure it . 
i 'm sorry , i really do n't know , but i can assure you it is most comfortable . 
yes they do , easily i might add . the topper leaves about 1 inch around the entire mattress so we do not have to use 'special ' extra-deep pocket sheets . 
it was a gift for an aunt so i have no idea . 
i have this shelf , it 's 43 '' tall , 26 & 1 8 '' wide and 11 '' deep , but the top juts out a little and is 12 '' deep , hope this helps ! 
the top and middle shelf are just over 12 '' , so your photo album would fit vertically on those two shelves . 
super dark espresso brown , almost black . near a window it would probably show more of the brown , less black ... but in my tiny hallway it 's practically black ... 
yes . i ordered the three and two shelf units , and both came with dark brown baskets which look fantastic . i 'm sure you could use any color basket you like , but the brown one is nice . 
the top of the unit is 43 inches from the floor the top shelf in the unit is 30 inches from the floor 
it depends on whether you are planning on being able to rotate the screen right and left . if that is your plan , i would think about it some more . also , you might have to open the back of the bookshelf to vent for the t.v . so that the t.v . does n't overheat . also reaching cables and plugs might be a little more difficult with the full back on . 
it is brown -- a very dark brown . i 'm very happy with the table . 
no , i do n't think the glass will be able to hold that big of a tv . 
it 's all separated pieces , but it 's really easy to ensemble . two pieces and the legs . 
i have used the fryer at home and at my job as a private chef cooking for up to 12 people . the former is a small kitchen that opens to the dining & living rooms . it has never smoked . however , it does release steam , the amount depending on what you are frying . it does give off an odor which is typical of deep frying as a cooking techniques . the frying smell is typical of these units and not a problem particular to this breville . i find that the deep fried food cooked in the breville is delicious with minimal fat . french frys crisp , indian chickpea flour balls moist and firm , special fried rice ingredients to perfection . this unit is superior to one 's i have used because it has simple yet comprehensive temp and time settings . if i were to make one suggestion to breville , it would be to have a soft and loud option for the alert reminder . 
21 '' long including the basket handle , 16 '' long without . 9 1 2 '' wide 11 '' tall . 
all of breville 's products , including the bdf500xl smart fryer , are designed and engineered in australia and manufactured and assembled in china . 
8 1 2 long x 6 1 4 wide x 4 deep 
the amount of chicken wings that would fit in the bdf500xl smart fryer is entirely dependant upon the size of the wings themselves and how they are being cooked . we recommend no more then 6 to 8 at one time . 
10.25 in x 22.25 in x 17.5 in 
my wife said that she has not had a problem with it falling over . do you have one , and does it tend to fall over ? 
hello , yes , amazon can ship internationally for most items . however , the cost can be high . if you note the cost of an item and then put it in your cart and fill in your ship info , it will show you the total . 
some type of polished cotton blend and no they do n't have feathers 
sorry , i do n't know . i bought blue pillows . 
yes it is a button closure . nice material , washes well and not wrinkly . it is more bluish than grayish . 
100 % cotton , it has no liner , and it very soft and comfortable . 
i bought a second one of these duvets in beige because it 's so soft - yet sturdy . they both fit my 96x96 inch quilt perfectly . 
ours was grey like the picture not blue-grey . 
i would use white sheets ... .. 
i am not sure on exact measurements , but i have a queen and it fits perfectly 
milk goes in the top , coffee in the bottom . check out the you tube video to see how both espresso and cappaccino are made . hope this helps . 
just stay away from the usual american blends and you 'll be fine . i usually use lavazza roma or prima gusto but i heard illy is even better . lavazza roma is a bit less intense compared to gusto but its upto your taste requirements . 
in the top section . read the instructions and watch the youtube video . it 's easy to use and makes good cappuccino ! 
dear vickie , thank you for your interest in natural area rugs we apologize we do not offer the fiore anti fatigue mat in red . if you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to email us back or call us at ( 323 ) 582-1116 ext 104. thanks , leticia mendoza natural area rugs www.naturalarearugs.com p : ( 800 ) 661-7847 , ( 323 ) 582-1116 ext . 104 f : ( 323 ) 582-1117 
i purchased this for my son when he purchased his first place . it is not as cushiony as some of those other kitchen mats . it does move around a bit on his wood floors . as for the depth i would guess an inch , but not sure . 
i 'd say its about an inch and a half thick . makes a huge difference on my back when i am washing dishes or standing in the kitchen for long periods of time . 
you can just hear air blowing into the room . if i do n't think about it i do n't hear it.works really will for us . 
yes . all you need to do is unscrew a cap on the back and screw on a section of garden hose for a gravity drain . i drain mine to a small lift pump that i bought at lowe 's . 
no . but a garden hose screws right in . 
all the above answers on the timeframe are correct - however , what the warranty does not tell you , is that they do not service or repair the unit , or offer parts . they simply will `` buy back '' your dehumidifier if it fails and you will have to get a whole new one , on your own , after you mail in the serial number tag and they send you a check . 
i think it works to 45 degrees 
from what i have seen with previous reviews , you sometimes have to place something under the front wheels to till the unit back toward the drain . this is a minor inconvenience but seemed to work for others in the past . 
the size of the dehumidifier depends on the humidity level and the size of the area your trying to control . i am using this 50 pint model in approximately 1500 sq . ft. basement and it keeps the humidity level at 45 % . i hope this helps you decide . i have never had a problem and it is easy to operate . 
i would say 50 % humidity . . works rather well . 
that 's all i use are the wax melts . 
that 's what i use is the scented wax cubes they work great . 
it 's a muted green with lots of browns in it . very beautiful but not bright 
no , you will definitely overheat the bottom of the oil water holder if you use a votive . 
hi scott , they are transparent . i must tell you though these things are very flimsy and the seal between the outside and inside is poor . furthermore , there is no customer service as they are always sold through a 3rd party vendor . 
it measures 2 1 2 `` across the bottom and is the same size as a tervis 16 oz tumbler so i think it would ... i 've never put it in a cupholder . 
hi mary ! it looks like the vino2go tumblers are listed for $ 14.99 . to buy a case ( 24 ) , would be approximately $ 359.76 . please let us know if you have any questions . 
it is a rigid glass and apparently the `` glue '' used to seal sections together gives way . my leakagenproblem was with the `` sippy '' lid .. wine dripping out from under the lid . 
no it is not i put one in the dishwasher and it broke the seal water got in between the cup and the seal . 
i gave this as a gift , but if i had to guess i would say 8 to 10 oz . it holds a full glass of wine . 
no , the bes058np naked portafilter is a 58mm portafilter . the portafilter size for the bes840xl infuser is 54mm . 
i 'm sorry ... i bought it for a breville machine . i do not know . 
i opened mine up to the widest width ( that will still hold ) and it measure about 4 1 4 inches wide . hope that helps . 
i believe it would , i tried this to stretch a pair of peep-toe pumps . however , i did not like it because it did not stretch evenly ; left `` bumps '' in the leather . ended up using shoe stretcher spray and a thick pair of socks which worked better . 
i used them on a pair of leather sneakers , right at the widest part of the foot , and they worked great . had to use them a few times to get the best results . but scratch up the plastic , set them to the width you need , jam them in and you 're golden . i also found rubbing some alcohol on the spot and laying them by a heating outlet helped . really , they were a bargain . 
i have not effectively used these to stretch the front of the shoe yet . i am not sure if these work at all , without re-fashioning them somehow ( i.e filing down the sides , as mentioned by other reviewers ) . not recommended , personally speaking . 
that 's exactly what i 'm using it for . so , far its has eased the discomfort due to the fact that i have wide feet . 
save your money -- get the wood shoe stretchers -- -just type in wood shoe stretchers in search box- 
if you can get it the right position and keep it there it might work 
i do not think it will expand wide enough to stretch a boot shaft . 
i used them for my faux leather boots . not sure how they 'll work on others . by the way , i used them for the 5th time and the metal broke on the stretcher . i would n't recommend these for long term use . 
they are inflatable so they will pop eventually if not sat on carefully . so it 's worth it if you do n't have and kids flopping on them . 
air filled very comfortable but quickly got a hole . i would buy bean filled next time because they last longer . i also like the way the beans conform to your body . 
it 's like a bean bag chair but no beans in it you will have to buy an air pump and pump it the electric pump cost at least $ 17 for a simple basic one and you have to keep the pump because it depends on your use you will have to continue putting air in it 
no , it does n't have ... 
very . my husband is 6'2 '' and 210 lbs . the chair snuggles him 
yeah 
i guess it 's aluminum . fits well on prestige cooker . why bother ? it 'll melt when pressure is high as safety measure . 
yes 
yes , if you are choose the right size safety valve for your particular pressure cooker model . 
it is for prestige only not fit any other brands 
yes 
did u find a solution ? does prestige valve matches pigeon cookers ? 
i had premier 5l and it fitted good , give it a try 
only 1 . 
yes it fis but my one is not work as valve , i mean it is solid . 
yes but it is fixed valve . 
you need two 17mm spanners ( wrenches ) . here is the link about how to change it . http : www.hawkinscookers.com 4.3.parts_and_service.html 
yes , you can just order valve . 
yes 
i do n't hink you need to worry about it . it is used for any same brand pressure cooker . such valves will melt in the middle since it 's designed that way . i had it on my cooker and have n't had issue . 
yes , will work for all hawkins pressure cooker . std size 
one only 
i have been stacking mines since i received them and have n't seen any scratches inside . received them about a month ago . 
one of the lids fits the 10 '' , but none of the lids fit the 12 '' 
it says they do on the instructions , but i have n't tested them personally . 
i have no 'skin ' in this game and do not work for dupont . everything that i have found points to this coating being safe for humans . my wife and i have used this cookware for some time now and we have not seen any degradation of the surface . teflon '' is the same thing as pfoa . fact : if someone tells you `` teflon '' is pfoa , they are wrong . teflon is a brand . even the epa has said that the teflon brand is not pfoa . in fact , dupont teflon nonstick coatings for cookware and consumer bakeware are made without pfoa . does dupont use pfoa to make nonstick coatings for cookware ? no . as of january 1 , 2012 , dupont no longer uses pfoa to manufacture nonstick coatings for cookware and consumer bakeware . yes , products coated with teflon nonstick coatings are safe . prior to market introduction , dupont nonstick coatings were subjected to studies at the dupont haskell global centers for health & environmental sciences . cooks in more than 40 countries around the world have purchased and used billions of pots and pans with dupont nonstick coatings . over the past 40 years , there have been only a few reported accounts of polymer fume fever , a minor health effect with reversible flu-like symptoms , as a result of severely overheating nonstick cookware . the u.s. food and drug administration ( fda ) has found that dupont nonstick coatings for cookware are acceptable for conventional kitchen use . the u.s. consumer product safety commission rejected a petition in 2003 to require a label warning for nonstick coatings . the u. s. environmental protection agency ( epa ) does not believe there is any reason for consumers to stop using any consumer or industrial related products . we have no fears with regards to this product ... great choice and value for the money . ron 
cotton . they shrunk a little after i washed them . they still fit the full mattress but it 's tough getting them on and they do n't `` hug '' the corners . 
not at all . it barely fit a regular comfortable mattress . its looks good though once its all put together . it did n't come with the bed skirt like i thought either . 
no..it definitely can not . we have it on a double bed and it barely fits that . it is a cute pattern , so we make it work but definitely not for a queen ... good luck.. 
no it is for a full or twin . 
no they are 55 % cotton , also in case your not aware ( i was n't ) it does n't come with the bed ruffle : ( 
all the paperwork included with the brewer clearly indicate it can be used for commercial grade and it is also stamped to indicate such on the bottom . 
yes 
yes to both questions - can use distilled water & not use direct water hook up 
the solofil k3 gold is the one i use daily . it works very well . ( not sure about stainless steel ) 
for direct water hook up filter is called kq8 
yes . do n't they all have a 3 prong ? 
the reusable kcup that 's most popular is called my kcup from keurig available bed bath & beyond works great 
i use the solofill reusable kcup it works well with loose leaf tea . you need to break up the leaves first but gives a passable cup when i amkm in a hurry and don '' t have the time to steep a cup of tea 
i 've never washed it , but the tag states it 's machine washable in cold temperature . i have the king size , so it would most likely need washed in a high capacity commercial washer dryer . 
i 'm not sure of the exact dimensions but i would guess a little over 6 feet long and around 4 1 2 to 5 feet wide . my husband is 6'4 '' and can lie down on it comfortably while still leaving room for me to sit and our 10 month old to crawl around and play with his toys . it 's big and we 've been very happy with it . 
it does have some cushion to it but is not heavily padded . 
mine did not . 
it 's not really heavy , but the nylon liner may act like a sail in heavy winds . have n't had any issues with wind personally . 
yes , the blanket has a water resistant backing so you can place on the damp ground and not have it soak through . 
i have n't had to wash mine , just pick it up an shake off the sand . the label says not to machine wash or dry it . the instructions are to wash the surface with warm water and mild soap by hand . also it says it should not be dry cleaned or ironed . 
ok for camping 
approx 17 '' x 12.5 '' and about 3 '' thick depending on how tightly you fold it 
the rack when assembled is 75 '' high and the base is 20 '' wide . very easy to assemble . 
twelve , in three levels of four . you can see the three different sizes if hook in the product photo . 
yes you can adjust the height but not including the middle pole that has four hooks . also the ball at the top is removable as well . 
yes its awesome ! 
yes , that is what we use and i had now problem installing it . 
the curtain comes with a liner attached . the top is free of a liner so that it is sheer , but the bottom where the heavier fabric is has a liner attached . 
totally washable . the liner can be snapped out and washed separately . i love this shower curtain . ... .and so easy to hang ... .none of those tricky hooks ! 
yes , search for here on amazon b00alrsxva or http : www.amazon.com hookless-snap-in-fabric-shower-curtains dp b00alrsxva ref=sr_1_3 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1386984882 & sr=8-3 & keywords=hookless+fabric+shower+curtain i saw this item at bedbath & beyond and thought the fabric liners were great . the ones there for $ 40 came with the fabric liner . i thought the one here would come with the fabric liner too , but it did n't ... . 
if you scroll down on the page of the shower curtain it has all details pertaining product dimensions . for you convenience i copied and paste it . product dimensions : 71 x 0.2 x 74 inches ; 2.2 pounds 
see other responses as they are accurate . the curtain is attractive , 74 '' in length . i love mine ! 
i have a pillow top mattress and it fits it good 
it has a comforter 
not sure really . they are howevery lightweight . much lighter than other luggage i own 
a small carry on 
there is the three pictured and an additional oversized duffel bag also ... ( without wheels ) ... . they should have put that in the pic too ! ! 
in the above pic ... the smaller of the `` stand up '' cases ... has wheels that spin ... 
yes 
one filter every three months , depending on how often you use flt5250pt they are expensive 
the filter comes just as shown . that 's how it fits into the machine . it looks like 2 filters but it 's one piece . i hope that helps ! 
about 6 months for me . i run it 24 7 on low to medium and have a fluffy cat . 
hello . according to the detail page the size measurements of this item are 15.8 x 18.9 x 25 inches . i hope this helps ! 
19 '' width 25 '' height 16 '' depth . love this . 
i think they will i use one of the drawers that works fine for the tea bags 
yeah ! the space in there holds pretty large cups . it 's serves us well at our offices . 
12.5 in x 11.6 in ( 31.7 cm x 29.5 cm ) 
i bought these for one of our apartment communities . it is not in my office so that i can measure it . i am sorry . i do love the neatness of everything you need in one place . 
8oz or 10oz cups 
it did not fit my 12oz styrofoam cups . i do not know about costco cups . my guess is that a paper cup would fit fine . the styrofoam cups are a little thicker . i returned mine for a full refund when the cups did n't fit . 
this item is dishwasher safe . we hope this will be of help to you . 
that is exactly what i use it for ! 
yes , i use it that way all the time . had thought i could use it in my toaster oven but it 's just a little too big . however , it works fine in the conventional oven . 
do n't think it 's a non-stick coating - i use it to bake bacon and the bacon sticks somewhat in the places where it 's well-done . 
the pan is 10 '' long , 7 '' wide , 2 '' high 
canada . 
capacity 352lbs 
your weight , body fat % , and water % will be displayed on one `` screen . '' then it will flash and show your estimated daily calories . it also determines your fat % category ( low , optimum , moderate , or high overweight ) . there is an option for athletes which can have % fat overestimated . lastly , unless they made an improvement since my purchase last spring , it does not calculate bmi . 
i ca n't find the instructions . 
yes , mine do . 
well it fits our standard full mattress with a 2 inch foam pad on top and seems to have quite a bit of slack left if the mattress was deeper . 
i purchased a queen set , which included 1 flat ( top ) sheet , 1 fitted ( bottom ) sheet , and 2 pillowcases . 
yes you can . every part that would or could get debris dirt in it can be removed for cleaning . a very well thought out engineered design . 
no but i have found that if you remove the brush assembly and then go back over the carpet , the vacuum is more powerful and picks up the excess water in the carpet even better 
yes , use the bio-kleen carpet & rug shampoo concentrate . it does an excellent job removing spots and stains , and leaves a slight citrus scent after you are finished . works very well , no chemicals . 
because it is a motor , you will not be able to get its full potential using 50 hertz power . it will still work just not at rated speed . 
i use the wash cycle at the beginning of cleaning my carpets , followed by a rinse cycle after the shampooing is done . i will usually do one cycle of each , unless an area is super soiled . then i will do two wash cycles ( make sure to soak up excess water between each wash and each rinse cycle to keep the carpets from getting over-soaked ) and then two rinse cycles . this seems to work as my carpets are amazingly clean ... ..even cleaner than with the `` professional '' rented machines out there ! ! ! 
no , but the tank is clear and you can easily see that it 's low . 
that 's what i do , i 've had no problems leaving the cleaning solution in and just emptying the dirty water out . 
if you are referring to modern berber carpets made of nylon , olefin fiber , or wool they are rugged of design and the answer is yes . however , if you are referring to traditional berber carpets the answer depends on the type , size , weight , and if the carpet is restrained . in general they are not compatible with machine scrubbing . certain types , e.g . tufted loops definitely would be damaged and exotic carpets e.g . beni quarain that uses `` live-wool '' is another definite no ! there may be exceptions but if the carpets are not restrained the danger of grabbing and pulling the carpet toward the brushes is not worth the risk . 
2-200g + - 0.1g 200-500g + - 0.5g 500-2000g + - 1g 
your question is almost same as mine . now i am using it and i pour the hot water to this scale by mistake several times . but it is working well now . so , there is no problem for ordinary using . and if you can use the drip station from hario ( acrylic model ) with this scaler , the drip station may cover almost open area . happy brewing ! ! 
it is powered only with 2 aaa batteries and has no jack for an ac adaptor . 
no 
per hario north america , they are due in next month . they advised me , however , that that could change ... 
measured with my tape measure . they 're 24 x 18 and very plump . about 3 inches high or plump . hope that helps . 
no ! there is no zipper ! this is an indoor outdoor , heavy canvas pillow ! no need for a zipper ! i would hand wash the outer surface . love it ! ! ! 
thank you for visiting our store ! we only carry this pillow in size 18 '' x 24 '' at this time . 
24.99 
product in inches ( l x w x h ) : 8.27 x 4.92 x 9.69 
it is 110v electric . ( plug-in ) 
we have the full size bed and it fits normal full size sheets . the tape measure says 72 x 54 inches . 
the country of origin is not usa , it 's china ! 
to top of lid- blue =7-1 4 '' , green =8-1 4 '' , yellow = 8-1 2 '' , orange = 9-1 2 '' . circumference at widest point - b=16-1 2 '' , g=18 '' , y=19 '' , o=20-1 2 '' . depth from wall- b=5 '' , g=6-1 4 '' , y=6-1 2 '' , o=7 '' . i hope this helps . i love mine ! ! 
yes , the plates are all one color and one size , saucer ( sandwich plate ) all one color and one size , soup bowl , all one color and one size , cups are all the same color and one size i like the size of the cup , it is not a mug . 
they do have a silicone seal , but they are n't real airtight . 
thank you for your inquiry . the set is hand painted and made in china . 
thank you for your inquiry , yes the design is on both front and back . 
9 inch by 13 inch 
8x12 
13 inch-9 inch 
is it an 8 x 8 or 9 x 13 ? price will differ . 
no they do not . 
i would assume so but have not tried - what would you want to heat up ? 
i think about 9 inches ? no leaking so far . we use them for honey and agave for smoothies . 
mine came without caps . 
no . they have no smell . the only drawback is that they do n't come with caps . 
yes they are 
yes 
not sure 
pre cut 
you could , but it would be cheaper to buy the ingredients separately for a 5 gallon batch . 5 kits will run $ 125 , whereas buying ingredients for a 5 gallon batch will run you about $ 30 . you can find this recipe online most likely . 
no . it does not include the maple syrup . you will also need the pots pans , strainer , thermometer , and sanitizing solution for all materials used . it also does not include the recipe , but that can easily be found online in a pdf format . 
you have to do the brewing ( essentially cooking and straining ) but it contains all the necessary ingredients to brew up a batch of beer . if you are looking for the equipment as well buy the : brooklyn brew shop beer making kit , chocolate maple porter which includes all the non-standard kitchen equipment that you will need to brew up a batch . 
i just ordered mine for this exact reason . i do n't know personally how they work , but there 's a video here http : www.thenewlywedpilgrimage.com pregnancy pink-or-blue-our-gender-reveal-video that lets you see these exact ones in action . 
mine looked exactly like the picture provided on the website ... .dome type lid . 
yes , i believe you could put jello in the containers . there are no holes in the bottom . the push up pops just did n't work for me and i never used them . i tried , but a lot of the sticks did n't fit into the container . 
i am sorry but i am not aware if they are . i hand wash everything it 's a personal choice . naturally the manufacture does n't indicate either way . the plastic in them is very dense and strong and send to be very good quality . i wash plenty in hot water and the properties do n't become malleable . i would n't hesitate using a dishwasher but one first . otherwise a bottle washer has them done quick . 
i made layered mini cupcake treats for my daughters 4th birthday . get a mini whoopie pie pan and make the whoopie pies and put one in the bottom of the cake pop container . add a layer of frosting , another whoopie pie and another layer of frosting and sprinkles . top with the lid . done ! 
we used them at an 8 year olds birthday party and they were not messy at all . they worked very well . 
yes side to side motion and you adjust up or down . 
one year in the u.s.a. warranty book covered virtually every country , globally . different for each country , it seems . i can tell you this is an awesome fan and you would not be disappointed if you decided to purchase . i have no regrets . 
5 ' 11 '' 
no remote , but very good , quiet fan . 
the base is slightly warm graphite gray , medium-dark . guard is chrome . blades a blue-tinted clear . 
normally airmate ( the actual manufacturer of these rowenta fans ) rates their 12-inch motors at 40-45-watts . it all depends on the actual size of the motor mass stack which is normally between 14mm and 16mm . 
frankly , i was never able to correctly secure the cage to the fan . i finally used fine guage wire to secured the cage to the frame by neatly wrapping the two together . so for me , removal of the cage to clean will be pretty simple . even with that problem , i am very happy with this purchase . 
yes , i 've done it many times with no problems . 
no it does n't 
yes . i have several times and it 's been fine . 
yes but do n't put too many at a time 
i wish i had gotten this in place of my other blender , but yes , it makes smoothies . make sure the container you use is the tall slender one and move the wand slowly up and down in the blender . it should look like baby food . kale will need to be torn into small pieces without stems . good luck ! 
i am not sure , i have to add to my review that once i used the small plastic cup they sent with it i was able to once again get good really good use out of the one i bought . 
( better late than never ) this unit has a 3 year warranty according to https : www.cuisinart.com products hand_blenders csb-75.html 
yes you can , however , chalk is larger thus the letters become distorted . i have sharpened my colored chalk into a point but when you write a few letters you must keep sharpening . i just use paper to bring the chalk to a point . it comes with its own chalk writing implements and they work very well but it comes only in white . 
no 
yes with chalk 
i have only used it for cheeses . i put 5 slabs of cheese on the plate , labeled them and served . it was fine . i have never considered how much weight it holds - it is rather small - so not more than a few pounds . . . 
the height between each shelf is 13 3 4 inches 
there is a single ( drywall ) mount for the top shelf . 
no they are not , but it 's still a great unit 
no , there are no ties or clips attached to the duvet . there are about 6-7 buttons on one side to enclose your comforter after you slide it in ... hope this helps . 
i would say , yes it is thin , but not 'cheap ' thin . it is not see through . it has a soft cotton feel to it and is about the thickness of a 'normal ' sheet . i purchased it in sage green - perhaps it would be see through in a really light color or white . 
i do n't remember , but it 's so soft it has to be way up there . seriously , i love this thing ! 
it 's really white 
i measured it sitting in my closet as : 31 inches wide , 28 inches high , 12 inches deep 
i 'd say 12 '' x maybe 15 1 2 to 16 '' for each drawer . i am not 100 % sure because i ca n't find what i did with my tape measure . big enough for me to bring all of my socks ( which i have a lot of ! ! ridiculous amount ) from a regular large drawer in a dresser and put them all in this . hope that helps . 
i store hand bangs in them and they work fine . 
it depends on what you want to put on in it . it has a light frame and the shelves are cloth . i use it for my sandals and some clothing and that 's it . if you 're looking to put boots and stuff or anything heavier i 'd just go with wood or metal . it 's extremely lightweight . 
dimensions are listed in product description . it measures approx . 12 '' x 32 '' x 29 '' 
i have no idea , probably cheaper just to buy two..lol 
they package flat . it was was about 48 '' wide and 3 '' in height . 
o4 is white o5 is crome 
it comes with everything and works great fro everything i have tried from grass to apples . 
it is great for juicing.. not blending.. 
hi , i believe your electrical outlets are different than ours ... .so i would say no . you would probably be better off buying one in france . 
un sure . but i personally tested a few juicers and this is the best . it 's a masticating juicer . best for leafy greens etc . 
yes 
no not slippery . we use in the shower too . 
i am not certain . i did n't care for how hard and uncomfortable it was to stand on so we returned it . but i love the teak corner bench we kept and have in our shower . loved that ! 
it was the largest we found . we use ours as a seat across our tub . it works well to help me get in and out . 
yes it does 
i measured it . the fan area is bout 12 '' with the blades between 10 and 11 '' . could n't get a really accurate measure because of where we have the fan . 
generally , no . the fan does not have any hangers or holes to hook it to a wall . however , you could build a shelf and place the fan on it , but you would need to strap it down some way so it would not fall off . i believe this is meant to be placed on a floor or table . 
the fan is much larger than i wanted . the box it comes in is about 15 inches by 3 inches and there is very little packaging . since the fan is rounded , i ca n't give absolute dimensions . 
16 inches around but fan part is 13 inches . 
you can definitely grind some spices - i 've used it for peppercorns and cloves without a problem . have n't tried cardamon . i think the only problem would be the small top opening . the middle grinding piece does not come out ( i suspect it will come out , but i think you would have to use a small wrench ) , so you have to fit your spices around the middle grinder , which would be a challenge with anything larger than cloves . 
no , not made of glass . a sturdy plastic . 
have n't tried it but i would guess flax seeds are too oily to be ground in this unit . 
hello , it is not magnetic . 
it 's wide enough for s roll of art paper . however , this product is very cute and a space saver , but the quality of the product is terrible . 
we do not ship this to australia at this time , and apologize for it stating that on this item . 
i do know i wo n't buy another one . poorly made . 
same maker , same machine ... but nutri has much more powerful motor to crush hard vegetables , seeds , and nuts . 600 watts vs. 250 watts . nutri also comes with an extractor blade . that 's about it for the difference . 
the larger sized containers is valuable when making recipes -- if you do a lot of scratch cooking -- just because of the volume the larger containers hold . i am enjoying our set very much . if you have any other questions , i would be happy to answer . 
no , mine has never leaked ( when i 'm using it properly ) , however , if you do n't place the rubber seals inside the blade lids when your blending it will leak and make a huge mess . 
i believe the difference between the single shot and the express kit is not the base - it is the attachments that are included . the single shot kit includes a bullet base ( standard ) , a flat blade and four party cups . the express kit comes with the bullet base , a flat blade and a cross blade , tall and short mixing containers and four party cups . both kits have the same bullet motor base and different attachments . 
i found the magic bullet very helpful for processing baby food . it lends itself to many applications throughout the kitchen . 
i do n't believe it will without a power converter and even using that it may ruin you magic bullet . the magic bullet is meant to use 110 electrical outlets and i believe india runs on 220 electrical outlets . 
i do n't see any bpa free mark . even if it is bpa free , there are still plenty of chemicals in it that create estrogen . i would have prefered glass as well . since it is plastic , it is important not to put it in the freezer ( to keep your smoothie frozen while you drink the rest ) and do n't put it in the dish washer - i keep all plastics out of my dish washer . i should mention about no plastics in the dishwasher - before i started this practice in my house , i was having sweats like i was in menopause , but i was n't . once i stopped putting plastic in the dishwasher ( not even plastic handled knives or pot lids with plastic knobs ) , microwave and freezer ( and stopped drinking bottled water ) the sweats went away . 
cooked-yes . 
no . the indoor unit uses gravity to feed the water condensation outside . this requires a hole from the inside to the outside about 2 3 4 - 3 inches in diameter at a slight downward angle . through this hole passes all of the indoor-outdoor connections , the power supply and the drainage to the outside . 
the indoor unit has a backplate that can be mounted to a wall . the condenser comes with rubber feet for the pad . 
26.5 w x 9.5 h x 7 d 
it is pre-charged , but you still have to have an hvac professional vacuum the line out and release the refrigerant per the instructions . unfortunately , only professionals have access to the tools needed . we called around , and estimates were around $ 200 to compete this after having it already all wired up and ready to go . 
no compressor is wired for 120v . 
the lines are flared and this system will require a vacuum pump and gauges to install . 
11 amps , 10.9 watts . 
replacement chargers are sold on amazon and through the manufacturer website . less expensive chargers are available but they do n't fit perfectly , are slightly shorter . i solved that problem by putting a small magnet on top of the less expensive co2 cartridge when it 's fitted in . works fine then . 
i think it was 1l . but its a cheap product i got a refund . 
one cartridge is good for one bottle . 1.3l bottle for normal strength fizz,1l bottle for extra strong fizz.they are disposable and recyclable . 
no , it does n't . it is very sturdy , very well made . mine is holding 50 gallon turtle tank . just be careful around edges it sims to cheep easily.take a good look around before u put it together . i had to exchange my first one . i hope that helps 
yes , 41 and 3 16 '' to be exact . 
holes are only on one side . but , i guess you could flip the glass shelf , and drill your own holes in the base in order to turn it around . hope that was helpful ! 
hi chris . the hanging rails under the top shelf are included , and the bar comes with 2. they 're metal though , not glass . 
they can appear on the righ or left . it depends on how to turn your bar . mines are on the left . my bar is facing the wall . if i were to turn my bar around the railing would be on the right . hope this helps . 
yes 
michou , the dimensions are described like this : 13 '' 33cm - extra large designed for 11.5 '' 29cm bowls hope this helps ! 
i use the banana leaf in the oven all the time . it is fine . it does indicate oven safe on the label . 
my largest one measures about 11 and 1 2 inches . so would not work for a 12 inch pan 
i use it as a lid on a pot on the stove . i do n't know if it would burn or melt if you put it on an element . 
pretty close . try cutting a 13 '' circle of paper and putting it over the square pan . that 's how much coverage you 'll have . 
yes . made from silicone . however , do not expose to direct flame . 
the extra large is 13 inches . 
i gave it as a gift so i do n't know the measurements but it was large . this is a guess but it would cover a mixing bowl . i do n't want to mislead you 
the grill is 10 '' wide , 9 '' deep and 4 1 2 '' tall . the grilling area is approximately 7 '' by 6 1 2 '' . 
the hinge is n't adjustable , but i 've had success cooking many different cuts , up to a steak that was nearly 2 inches thick . the sides still cooked well even though the grill did n't close the entire way . 
yes , you can i will recommend to cook 5oz steaks , it will cook very fast 
yes you plug it in . it is small and works very good . 
about 2 pounds 
hi velda 760 watts . 
no , however is your spray a little cooking oil on the grills before use they are super easy to clean . i am a big fan of this grill , using it all the time . 
the instruction paper that was enclosed with the grill does not have any information about wattage . on the bottom of the grill it says 760w . i do n't know if this helps . you can go to www.georgeforemancooking.com and look up model gr10 . 
try googling it . 
yes 
no it can not only high or low ... . i returned it only worked for only a week and stopped working . it also did not have a timer . i purchased a bonaire one very nice . 
the glass face is 26 '' w x 20.5 '' h. overall height , including the stand is 22 '' . the unit depth is about 6 '' , but the stand is about 11 '' deep . 
i have it in an 8x8 bathroom in our basement . it keeps that warm , but i think a room your size you would need to run it 24 7 to keep it around 70 degrees . 
possibly , however , the weight could be an issue for a non-sturdy back and the heat distribution could be a real problem . i would suggest contacting the manufacturer before putting the unit in a confined space . 
it says you can , but we have not tried yet ... we just got it in november 2012. if you get it , the front ( glass part ) slides onto side brackets , so when you move it be careful how you pick it up . 
neither . it 's just a straight hepa filter . air is sucked through the filter and out the other side . 
no 
super easy filter replacement . there are two filters . open the back of the unit and the are completely visible . 
sure do michael ... the pre-filter is model hrf-b2 and the hepa filter is model hrf-h2 
it comes with one set of filters . the filters last between 6 and 12 months depending on how dirty the air is and how you clean them . 
lately , i put it on the high setting when i am not home , and change it to low when i am home so it is quieter . i have not had it very long , so this may change . 
should n't waste your time assembling . none of the connection points are built correctly . its is extremely wobbly once constructed . highly recommend returning it . 
i am unfamiliar with the press you have but here are the measurements you should need to answer your question . the disks are metal and measure 1 15 16 inches in diameter ( just less than 2 inches ) and are about 1 32 of an inch thick ( i did n't get out the calipers ) . if you measure a disk for your existing press you should be able to determine if they will work . also , the press they are designed for holds the disks 1 4 inch from the cookie sheet . the cookie shapes will come out a bit off if your press uses a different depth . hope this helps . 
i do n't think so ... i had the wilton cookie press and this is not quite the same size . 
i do n't know if this helps , but they fit into the marcato cookie press . 
i do n't know since i have n't had a wilton but the ones from my hutzler one fits and i am pretty sure they are all standard . they are metal , very cute . 
this fry pan is made in korea . it is one of the best fry pans i haver ever used . 
no . no need . 
if it is an aluminum pan it will not work on an induction stove . it at least needs a steel or iron core . you can test any pan by using a magnet . if the magnet sticks , the pan will work on an induction stove . 
it 's a great quality pan with even hear dispersion . i would say it 's definitelu thicker than most . i know what you mean and it is not one of the thin bottom pans 
yes it has fruit and veggy 's great pan give it a 8 
yes 
the bottom of the pan which contacts the wrought iron stove grates is 8 inches 
the stove is metal . it is very solidly built . i have owned approximately six electric stoves over the years and this is my second favorite . it is in my living room . it is just the right size and it looks wonderful . i would highly recommend it . 
yes it has a fan in the back . it 's not hot to touch . every now and then it 's recommend to ck the fan and clean it as needed 
no remote , but we love it . adorable and warm- what 's not to like ? 
very light maybe 5 pounds . 
i do n't know but please i beg you do not throw your money away of this since i bought it they had to change the listing bc yes you put it together yourself and fyi it is a piece of you know what and there is a toxic smell that never left go to a furniture store and spend a bit more for something you will have forever do n't do what i did and buy this hope this helped 
it 's short . not quite 5 feet tall . 
i do n't think so it 's not very deep . it is smaller than it looks in the picture . 
not sure but 2 months later our is broke . none of the doors will close . do n't buy 
no light 
no 
16 '' -16 '' -24 '' 
pressed wood 
it makes 20 cake pops total . it 's 1 set ( 2 pieces : 1 top 1 bottom ) that makes each shape . 
i do n't remember how many instructions but some basic baking times at least . i 've had it awhile . but baking times were not quite right for me . you may need to experiment . 
yes u can i also have tried brownines n it worked . ..hope this helps 
they come out shaped like a ball . just lije magic ! 
these pans make 20 medium cake pops which are about 1 1 2 inches in diameter . i hope this helps you . 
the standard size for cake pops is a 1.5 inch diameter . 
72 '' 
17 inches wide each 
4 '' 
i 'm tempted to say wood , but i am not sure . i did not inspect the product thoroughly as it did not fit my needs just by eyeballing it . 
72 x 70.5 x 52 inches . it weights apx.13 pounds this item is absolutely beautiful ! 
the pleather is one sided 
about 8 '' from the floor . very comfortable 
durable but not comfortable at all . 
thank you for posting your question . unfortunately there are no listing for this item in black . i do suggest having a look at the `` customers who viewed this item also viewed '' section on the product detail page where similar products will be displayed . hope this helps 
yes 
hello . as of today october 11 , 2013 this item is sold by a seller . this seller uses the amazon.com policy whereby they also offer returns for most items within 30 days of receipt of shipment . please click on the following link to view the seller 's page and scroll down to the returns and refunds section for further information : 
physically measured at 14.5 '' to elastic . should be adequate for 12 '' deep mattress . 
no , especially if the sheet fits the bed . they are good sheets . 
yes 
says it was made in china . they are good sheets for the money . they washed well and have not pilled . the color stays bright . the size on the fitted sheet and flat sheet are generous . i would highly recommend these sheets . i plan on buying more.. 
these sheets have very deep pockets . i have a dual sided pillow top mattress and it could be thicker and still have plenty of room . deepest pockets i 've every seen . 
the label only indicates , 100 % cotton , china ! 
long as it 's not an induction style cook surface . then you would need a metal diffuser between the bowl and stove . 
yes . it 's a good size for a rice , veg and protein meal . 
you do n't need a lid when you heat the stone bowl on the stove . 
i am sure they have . i use the bcd soon tofu starter . in that case 5 oz . of water are put into the bowl , and it is slowly heated per bowl instruction . once the water is to boiling , the sauce is added , and then other ingredients of your choice . the temperature can be raised to whatever you desire as long as there is a warmup period . for this recipe i then add the very soft tofu , and let the mix really heat up . the final is to break the egg into the soup and let it cook . then it can be served . so everything can be cooked in the bowl if you start with something in it and start the heating low . i have not done any dolsot bibimbap in it yet . they give simple directions about lightly oiling the bowl and heating it properly . it is great for the soon toful 
no 
only one ... but well worth it . i bought two and wish i 'd bought four . high quality dolsots ! i went to korea in march and these things are as good as what i saw there at some restaurants ! 
no . too bad it id a gorgeous sofa ! 
it is firm and stiff . very comfortable to recline on -- not so comfortable to sit on . 
yes 
no , the termal sticker does not like the dishwasher . however , it does the microwave just fine . 
i seem to recall a small made in china sticker but i could be wrong . it really is a well made product , not the shlocky kind that china usually makes . 
this is a standard size mug . it will hold at least 8 ounces ( 1 cup ) of liquid or more . i gave it to my daughter-in-law , and she and my son are trying to be the first to use it each morning . it was a great buy . 
thailand according to the product details 
they are hand-wash. but super easy to clean , especially if you run some warm water in them after you 've finished cooking . i 've not had any issues getting mine clean even when food has set in them either 
no 
yes 
no 
six feet 
little less than 11 inches . 
it 's just particle board , but the design is nice and i 've had lots of compliments on it . pay attention while putting it together . we ended up with 3 small cubbies on one side and just one on the other . it was all glued together by the time we realized our mistake : ( 
there was significant amount of assembly . i put it together by myself and it took me about 2.5 hours , although , i was watching t.v . as well and took frequent breaks . 
there are no screws showing 
nope . gel is already in the corkcicle . just pop it in the feezer and away you go . 
i only hand wash and towel dry after it comes to room temperature because of its stainless steel composition and the fact that i prefer no residue from the dishwasher agent in the wine bottle . then , i put it back in the freezer until the next use . 
yes 
you need to freeze for two hours and it will chill the wine as you pour it . 
unfortunately , it does n't . fits best in relatively tall bordeaux-shaped bottles . can be angled slightly to fit in some shorter bottles . does not fit in most burgundy-shaped bottles ( eg , pinot noir ) . works well when it fits . 
it does n't chill the wine sufficiently by itself . it is meant to keep cold the already chilled wine after it is out of fridge to the table . 
i am honestly not sure , i do n't think it came with one . it did n't come with any real paperwork , the instructions were on the product itself . 
it fits nicely on my daughter 's full sized bed 
it is , but do n't dry the comforter on too high a heat . you 'll melt it like i did the first wash. it was a small spot so we still use it . 
the one we got was actually a twin as that is the bed she has . . there may be one available in full size though 
do n't think so 
the measurements of these pillows are : 20 x 26 inches . they are standard size . i have back problems so i was looking for a pillow that would support as well as being comfortable . i love these white feather down pillow white standard size pillows . they are fluffy yet supports . company was very prompt just as they said on their web site . i hope you purchase these and enjoy them as much as i have . good luck . 
the shipping is $ 8.80 per pillow . if you order 2 pillows the shipping would be $ 17.60 . 
hello , this product does not qualify for the free shipping . 
20 inches 
this is an oval shaped top which is 50 x 34 . 
by itself 
about 48 '' tall 38 across ... thin , maybe 14 '' wide . not using corner option 
it comes in three pieces . fireplace and basic box frame , then the shelving unit sits on top and gets screwed in , and lastly there are two `` arms '' that pull out of the shelving unit which allow you to screw the corner shelf extension onto it . do your research and be sure you are comfortable with the heat output . i am in the midst of returning ours . it was ineffective in our situation ( finished attic , with poor insulation - our small ceramic tower heater works better ) . 
no leslie , it does n't . 
disassembles for storage 
yes 
sure , nice size tub with a stand , great containter for all of your beverage needs - i recomend ... 
includes metal stand . tub : 11.5h inches . overall : 22.5w x 23h inches i wish it would had been a little bigger 
the console is 30 '' high , 42 '' wide , 15 '' deep . 
i consider them to be very sturdy and of high quality . i have both pieces and they look great . 
mine is 4 1 2 inches - on a tile floor . i just measured it . we love the console , by the way ! 
it has a particle board back with cutouts for av equipment wires and visable screws . i would n't want it showing if it were me . 
all i know it says on the details that the harmonization code is 9403608081 and the manufacturer reference is t580-46 . the other mestler furnitures by ashley does n't have any harmonization code like this , so honestly i did n't know if i was able to help you 
we think it is polished chrome color . 
thanks for your question ! according to the product details the full height of this stool is 33 inches . i hope this helps ! 
i am not sure paper filters would work because it has a percolator tube that comes up through the basket . the filter would have to have a hole in it . i recommend buying course ground coffee instead . 
no , it does n't . the only plastic is the handle and the outside bottom . 
6ft cord . 
the heating element uses 1500 watts or 1.5 kw per hour . multiply the number of hours you plan to use your heater times 1.5 kw to get the kw hours . for example : 1.5 kw x 10 hours =15 kwh . multiply the kwh x rate kwh to get the cost . let 's use 12 cents kwh . the cost would be 15kwh x $ 0.12 = $ 1.80 per day . 30 days would be $ 54.00.cfinch 
they are relatively small , about two feet high and a foot or so deep . they are fairly effective heaters for their size . i 'm glad we bought them ! 
watts are how much power it uses . btus are how much heat it puts out . not the same thing . i 'd also like to know but assume it 's not great since it 's not mentioned . quality similar models , at only slightly higher cost , can put out 5200 btus . 
yes , but only one per zone . draws a lot of power . if i have it on and vacuum or run microwave it will trip my breaker . it has to be plugged directly into the wall . 
i wouldnt use them in anything bigger then a regular size bedroom 
it 's no louder than hair dryer on low . it 's a smooth noise . no rattles . a low fan noise . 
yes ! it said you could in the instructions and i have done it ! i love these lids ! 
oven safe up to 500 degrees ! 
yes they are oven proof to 400 or 450 , ca n't remember for sure which . also dishwasher and microwave safe . made out of the same stuff as silicone baking pans . 
480 f. i put mine in the dishwasher but have not used them in the oven . 
yes it does stay in the position . 
its closer to khaki with soe grey in it.but not like a dark tanned color 
there is just the cover on the outside . i put a twin size mattress pad over it because you can feel the line where mattress folds and there is some off gas odor . the mattress cover fixes both issues though . it really is a great portable bed . 
not at all ... smells fine ! 
not at all ... 
i do n't know exactly how much they weigh , but they are not heavy . they are memory-foam like , but regular foam too . compared to my memory foam foam mattress they weigh hardly anything . one person can move them just fine . 
it comes with a zippered cover . 
it does have a zipper and it appears to be removable thus being washable , but that foam is pretty dense and could be difficult to put back on . 
the detachable hose has a collar which is the dusting brush . it slides downward and locks in place when you want to use it . slide it up and out of the way , and the hose end is exposed . there were no separate attachments that came along with the unit , otherwise . as an aside , please allow me to inform you that this is the most powerful hand-held vacuum cleaner i have ever owned . it does the most important thing a vacuum cleaner can do ... provide powerful suction ! great little vacuum ! highly recommended ! 
it does have a detachable belt , i know this as i got something wound up in it and had to take it apart ! lol i do n't know if they sell just the belts though . you could check with the fuller co on that . 
if i understand your question correctly , the answer is : yes , it rotates automatically . the suction is great as well . i really like this vacuum . the only problem i have had with it is that twice the dirt bin popped off while i was using it . i think i must have accidentally hit the release button during use or maybe i did n't snap it in correctly after emptying it . otherwise i 've been very pleased with this purchase . 
2 lbs not heavy at all . great for steps or quick clean ups . 
no , it has a detachable plastic canister with a flip lid . it is easy to empty and reattach . 
hi , i bought this for my grandpa who lives out of state and as far as i know he has n't had any issues . i would double check with someone who has used it personally or even the manufacturer . good luck . 
no . it stays on at the set temperature which is a plus in some case . there are others that have auto-off . 
i think its cotton 
no , there is no zipper . it has an open slit on the back and covers the pillow completely . it stays on , it is very soft , and very well constructed . 
sure . we even include a pair of free wall mounting brackets with the unit . 
16 seer is the efficiency for this model . efficiency is same as any single 16 seer unit . actually all that depends on how you utilize them , your climate , and a thousand other factors . 
208-230v , 1 phase , 60 hertz ( 2 hot lines ) . 11.4 amp mca , 15 amp max breaker . 
requires a 220v circuit with max of 20 amps 
all manuals are available at www.highseer.com - click the indormation library button . 
no but is much easier . for condensate drain , worst case situation you would have to install a condensate drain pump that can be install along the line to pump the condensate water out 
the padded seats are approximately 30 '' from the floor . these are awesome bar stools for those of us who are tall and usually feel like you are slipping out the front of regular bar stools . the seat is deeper than most , so a comfy perch . the only drawback is that they do n't swivel freely and ca n't find a way to adjust that . also putting them together was a chore my dear husband undertook - almost an hour per stool . i like that they are casual , not formal , and the legs and footrests are metal so no wood to scratch . sturdy and heavy , so no tipping over . great for tall folks ! 
yes they swivel 
mine said canon and looked like the real thing . 
yes , it is ! 
yes 
yes i think so . 
moderation is key . you just need it to hold in the liquid inside and a moderate tightness will suffice . 
i got this replacement part because our jar nut had a crack in it . not so much that it was leaking , but enough that we wanted to replace it . 
yes it will . 
it wont fit 
my dual and family units turn on after placing them in units following brushing . blue sterilizing light s stay on about 5-6 minutes . 
yes 
the item runs on batteries , and does not use electrical outlet current . in other words , there is no electrical cord present . 
i am sorry that i do n't have a family size one . i ca n't give you an answer . 
i use the very small ones . i think they are 4 gallon . 
i just measured it . it 's 8.5 '' across the top , 6 1 4 '' across the bottom and 10 '' high . it 's a great little can - adds a bit of class to the bathroom . 
thanks for your question , after searching our catalog i was unable to find this can in a bigger size . may i suggest checking out the `` customers who viewed this item also viewed '' section for similar items you may be interested in . i hope you find one you like ! 
yes 
hi i 've used other vacuum bags when i wanted to rewrap cheeses and meats that i received from friends with different machines . i assume that would apply to the bags you 're asking about . vacuum and heat seal worked good on other bags . i hope that helps . 
the sealer unit measures : 15 3 8 '' long x 6 1 8 '' wide x 3 '' high from counter top . it works great , the trick is , if your going to be doing a lot of sealing at one time to let the heating elements cool down after 3 seals . fan it with a check book cover or the like . hope this helps ? 
the voltage setting of this very good sealer is 115 to 125 vac , the standard in the usa ! i hope this helps you ! thanks ! randy b . 
only 110 
in my experience , any vacuum sealer bag will work . 
probably , because it does n't work very good at all ! ! 
i do n't know . but i have owned rowenta irons in the past and i am much happier with the reliable brand . 
i overfilled mine and it had some problems right after , but once it had dried the problems resolved themselves . before it dried out i thought i had ruined it . 
about 48 '' . it has never been to short for my usage . 
no , china . wonderful iron..i love it though ! had a rowenta before . will stay with reliable ! 
the cord is 97 inches from the iron to the plug . btw , i love this iron . 
no 
no 
exterior to lip is 10 inches . with lid and handle 11.5 inches 
we boiled tens of gallons of sap in it , and saw no issue whatsoever . 
do n't think it will actually . stainless is not magnetic enough for induction 
yes ... there are four rivet heads projecting on the inner surface of the pot on each of the two handles 
350 ml each -- just short of 12 ounces ( about 11.8 ounces ) . 
approx . 7.25 inches . at top widens a little to 7.5 
china 
no . 
i do n't have the exact measurements but they are shorter than those normal generic glass oil and vinegar sets . wait , just checked the description and it 's 10.25 '' 26cm h 
http : www.mycuisina.com 
i have not tried , but imagine the glass would be fine in the dishwasher . i would not was the tops even if it says dishwasher safe . 
no no need for that 
nope . the pans are very tiny . i bought them for that very use . unfortunately , they 're so small i ca n't use them for anything . they 're still sitting in the box they were shipped in . 
they are pretty small . 1 7 8 '' across the bottom , 7 8 '' deep , 2 10 16 '' across the top 
top diameter : 3 1 8 '' bottom diameter : 2 '' 
i would say something in between . i just checked one of mine -- they hold precisely 2 fluid ounces brimming full . they are a little more shallow than a standard cupcake foil -- they are a hair shy of 1 inch deep and 2.75 inches across ( not including the lip ) . they are like mini aluminum pie pans . ( i used mine for mini custards for kindergarteners , and they were great for that . ) 
these pans would be suitable for preparing flan . as to the choice of flan as an appropriate dessert after a meal of corned beef and cabbage , that seems like an odd cross-cultural combination . perhaps a bread pudding or tapioca would be more appropriate - something with irish or scots-irish heritage ! 
4 5 8 inches 
yes it is , i re-heat my coffee constantly ! 
do not buy this mug -- -ironically it cracked the first time hot coffee was poured into it -- did we get `` a lemon '' ? perhaps ... .but our experience was not a good one . 
i 'm not sure , but i have poured boiling water in mine with no adverse effects . 
i gave them to my daughter and son-in-law ( who thought the cups were funny ) , so i do n't know . sorry . 
hello , thanks for your question . one of the answers on a previous question stated the big one to be 14.97 '' in diameter . have a great day ! 
yes . i would estimate the lip under the lid protrudes about 1 2 into the base , keeping it in place during use . 
the tall one is 16 inches high . the small one that comes with it is 12 inches high . 
no . four are adjustable . the center one is not because it is needed for structural soundness . 
i do n't know , but the bookcase components were excellent , easy to put together , and the finished product is quite attractive . 
no , there are mostly mesh 
yes 
the actual mattress cover does not have a bed skirt attached to it . i 'm not sure if you can order one separately or not . we have been really happy with the cover itself though . hope this helps . 
no but it has a soft fabric cover . it is very quiet and comfortable . 
it 's about 23 '' 
no . you can fold it up ( but , of course , you can do that with any electrical cord ) . it comes with a reasonable twist tie ... perhaps if you keep that around ( knowing how much cord you need in the `` maximum extension '' instance ) things will appear neater . 
they are black . 
china 
1800 
contact the seller `` appliatech '' 
approximately 18.5 inches . 
it 's not as loud as my blendtec blender ... 
i do n't think so . this is a much bigger mixer and attachments are completely different . 
yes 
have n't heard of any yet 
difficult to be exact but approximately 13 inches high and 15 1 2 inches back to front . 
it says made in p.r.c . looked that up and it does mean made in peoples republic of china . 
yes , it is ! . 
yes , it is . 
yes , it does 
this toaster is made in china . 
mine measured 7 '' h x 11 '' d x 6.75 '' w . 
no . it 's pretty basic . when you turn the dial to `` on '' the red light comes on . when it 's in the off position the light goes off . 
no . 110v only 
yes . 
it can hold just around 2l without anything in it . 
the steamer is used for making the soup . the important factor to make a good soup is slow cook and well maintained temperature . the function of the steamer is quite simple . put the cooking material into the ceramic pot . the ceramic pot is immersed into the hot water . the hot water is heat up around 100 celsius . then the steamer will control the temperature of the hot water around 100 celsius . then after 2 hours , you will have a delicious soup . such cooking method can tear the meat from the bone . most of the time , we do n't eat the meat because the nutrition is already in the soup . 
yes , let say you want to cook chicken rice soup to eat around 7:00 p.m. tonight . you pre-set the time around 2:00 p.m. it need to pre-set 7 hours for cooking ( 2 hours for cooking rice soup and 5 hours for waiting hours- from 2:00p.m . to 7:00p.m . ) . 
the outer pot is plastic and the transparent top is plastic also . but it did the good jod for fast stew , low stew , 
using the big pot , is not necessary to put plastic tray on the bottom . if using two small pot , it needs to use plastic tray to keep it balance . 
yes soup lover family must own product very convernience for baby food 
15 '' x 12 '' x 4.5 '' at the tallest end , probably 3.5 '' at the shortest end . i really like it , has plenty of storage & is comfortable . 
it does n't conform to your legs . but it is soft , similar to a travel pillow . 
6 big rolls ... .i just tried it 
the depth of the cabinet is 5.5 inches ... the bottom shelf sticks out a little further at 7.5 inches . 
hope this helps = ) 23.3 x 7.6 x 24.6 inches 21 pounds -keana 
more like an espresso 
10.25inch x14.5inch 
yes it does 
22.5 '' wide by 7.75 '' deep 
no it does n't . it 's not as high as it looks in the pictures . my 36 '' tall son ca n't stand under it , so we use it as storage for big toys . 
good question . i 'm not sure of the weight limit , but we have had two adults on it at the same time , equaling about 250 pounds . 
a regular twin . 
about 4 foot long . it sticks out approximatley 38 '' from the side of the bed . 
if you remove the slide there will be a gap were it was supposed to be . 
yes , i believe that you could as a twin fits in the top part which has the same dimensions . 
hi , yes , if i do not use a spoon in the center spice holder ... i just use the center holder for dried chilies or cinnamon sticks ... something that does not require a spoon . the lid will not close with a spoon in the center . also , i angle all the spoons to one side and make sure they are inserted all the way into the cup . hope this helps . 
if it falls on the floor . if you turn it up side down then yeah it will probably will happen . but i have not done that . 
we gave it as a gift and they seem to really like it so i asked ... reply was ; `` it seems to be glass . beware : the top is heavy and falls off easily . so , if you are getting one you may want to look for a complete stainless steel top . '' they said as long as you are aware of this it is fine . hope this helps . 
frankly , have not tried to measure against the advertised dimensions ( 10x5x10 inches ) but the individual dabbas are tall and sufficient for a family use . 
no , it 's part of the lid . it does n't need to be washed though , just wipe it with a damp cloth if you need to . 
approximately 1 teaspoon . hope that helps ! 
i think is too thin to use on the hard ground and it is too bulky as well . 
it is 3 lbs . 
do n't have the exact dimensions as the toppers are at our cottage , and i 'm not there to measure them , but they are slightly smaller ( 1 1 2 inches ) than the twin mattress 
to date , i have not experienced any sweating on the memory foam mattress . because of strategically placed bands of holes , body heat is wicked away from the body , making you quite comfortable even on extremely hot nights . i love the topper , and have not found any problems or concerns with it . i hope this helps in your decision . 
i bought mine on august 5th or 6th and i got mine on august 8th ! i was surprised to find this in my house today , because when i tracked this item online , my expected delivery date was n't untill august 11th-14th , so i was not expecting it till next week , but i guess amazon prime works for this.. ? i am not too sure . 
no it does not , but fits easily under regular sized twin sheets . 
http : www.overstock.com guides how-to-clean-a-memory-foam-mattress-topper here 's a good link to give you a walk through on how you can clean it . 
i do n't know exactly but my grandsons twin bed is not extra long so we split the difference on each end and it rolled over the head and the foot of the mattress . the width was also wider than the bed but nothing the mattress cover and sheets would n't go around . my grandson says he likes that it curves over the edge of the mattress because it 's soft all the way up to the edge unlike his sisters that barely covers most of her bed . i hope this helps . 
i 'm sorry the pad is with my daughter at her dorm , but it does fit her full sized mattress supplied by the school , and she is very happy with it 
sorry , i have the queen-sized version and do not possess that information . contact the vendor as they are very nice to deal with . very commited to cs . 
the lower right drawer is the only one that you can hang files in and that drawer only accommodates letter sized . 
it is a fake wood-grain laminate , but it 's so dark you can barely see the wood-grain . the laminate is good though if you ever spill anything on your desk , easy clean up and does n't ruin the wood . this is a pretty heavy desk , and i 've liked it so far ( had it for about 5 months now ) . 
yes , it 's not a pitch black , it 's a warm black - definitely more black than brown , but yes , a brownish black . 
the compartment on the left is for the pc tower . that compartment also has an adjustable shelf . there are two drawers on the right of the desk . hope this helps . 
it is particle board but built pretty well . 
the dimensions of the desktop are 59 '' wide , left to right , 23 1 4 '' deep , front to back . 
i mention that i have a full size bed in my review . this quilt fits it perfectly , like in the picture . i 'm thinking it would n't fit as well on a queen . 
it 's all one piece , with the stitching on top of the pattern 
yes , tag reads `` 100 % cotton fiber '' 
84 '' long and 90 '' wide , needs a dust ruffle of course . i 'm very pleased with it . hope this helps . 
yes it does . it is very nice and ergonomically sound . 
large rectangular box . dimensions should be in details of item on amazon . box was around 2.5'x5.5 ' this is a guestimation as we purchased over a yr ago . 
i would think you could . not sure how big of one . 
the description was on the shipping box . i can not recall exact dimensions but it was pretty large and heavy . side pieces are one piece , so at least that long . 
no mine are 10.5 and they did not fit . even 10 i doubt they will fit 
if you 're referring to one on top of the other , i 'd venture to say no ; i do n't think it was intended or built to accommodate that . that being said , it 's plenty big . if you wanted to put them side-by-side , you 'd have enough room to put thing on top . 
they are ! 
amazon gave me their website ( http : enitiallab.com ) and i was able to find their phone number on the site and give them a call last week . hope this is helpful ! 
yes . i ended up getting a withing body analyzer to replace the wahoo . 
no it does n't but here 's a link so you can check it for yourself ; http : www.wahoofitness.com apps apps 
yes 
12 or 14 
yes . 
yes 
i simply traced around it with a sharpie , cut the hole , then spotted the screw holes in the same manner . if you need more precision , you may need to google the standard for this component . 
it sounds like you might be trying to make an extension cable of sorts . if this is the case , i would instead use a product like http : www.amazon.com accu-cable-female-power-cable-eccom-3 dp b004stxszi ref=sr_1_1 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1378741707 & sr=8-1 & keywords=iec+female . if this is not your plan , i will give basic wiring instructions . on the rear ( non-visible ) side of the connector there are pins which work great with pins like http : www.amazon.com gardner-bender-20-145f-terminal-disconnects dp b000fkf7cg ref=sr_1_47 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1378742996 & sr=8-47 & keywords=gauge+terminal . otherwise , looking at the image , the posts from left to right are : neutral , ground , and line . i hope this helps1 
the element ? idk . i didnt make it ... nor did i test for it ... . 
enamel 
i am sorry but i do n't know if it would . 
the desk stands 28 inches high . the short end of the desk is the side without the shelves . it is 32 inches long and 15.75 inches wide . the long end of the desk is the side with the shelves and it is 52.5 inches long and 19.75 inches wide . both shelves are 13 inches high and 11.5 inches wide . i hope this helps some . 
the manual can be found at : http : img1.wfrcdn.com docresources 91 17 175546.pdf 
i have a bad habit of sitting on my furniture and it holds up under my weight ( over 100 lbs ) . i do n't imagine it would have any difficulties holding up under a desk top . if you 're worried though , you could reinforce it with another 2x4 at the joints ... 
the short angle is 32 x 15 in and the long desk top is about 52x 20 ... the short side comes into the long top making it about the same sixe on each wing ... 
it is very narrow , only enough to put my 13-inch laptop . but the l shape helps if you wan na put more monitors . 
no . in fact i strongly recommend that you not purchase this desk ! ! it is perhaps ( no , it is ) the worst piece of office furniture i 've ever bought , used , or seen ... seriously . i actually feel bad that i have n't yet reviewed it . if i could , i would give it no stars . there were two pieces missing , one being a shelf ( kind of important considering that the side shelves provide most of the stability ) , the other was one of the screws for said shelf . either way , do not purchase this desk , or if you have cancel the order , and if it 's too late to do that , do not attempt to open the package . while opening mine , it was very difficult to `` unwrap '' and i more or less destroyed the packaging while opening it , which left me with no option to return it . one last thing i just thought of , it came without traditional directions , just a picture on the box of how it should be assembled . not a series of pictures , or any explanation as to which size of screw to use here , or which piece of that goes there , get the point ? i 'm glad you asked about this , i hope you 'll take this explanation to heart and save your head ( from aching , lol ) , i can laugh at it now , because i threw it out . even if the desk was all that it claimed to be , it was still going to be a bit shorter than would have been a comfortable fit . good luck in your decision . 
it 's 20 lbs weight ... 
we use it at home only and it pumps out a ton for as many people as we want 
120 
perfectly , slot is 4 inches 
i tried that , it does stick together . and it 's jnot the same after that . i personally think your not going to need to do that . the machine crushes the ice fast and easy . i also discovered that this machine makes alot of `` snow `` for a little bit of ice i put in . hope this is helpful to you in some way . feel free to ask any questions . 
about 2 cups 
i ve had this piece in my nyc basement which get quite humid . it is the sturdiest of its kind and has not shown any sign of wear and rust in over 4 months now 
i was wondering the same thing . except i was wanting both of them . 
this works very well on our futon in both the sitting and laying down positions . it takes a couple of days to lay flat once you unpackage it but after that it works good 
yes.. 
yes , it has held up very well for 2 years in a college apartment setting . 
not sure . do n't remember . it 's a great futon , though . it arrives shrink-wrapped , and tales about a day to fully expand . slight smell ( from the plastic , i think ) bit it faded quickly . vet firm 
my magic bullet is model mb1001b and they fit perfectly . i hope this helps ! 
hi lesley , this comes with everything you see pictured . the black screw top and blades , and includes the rubber gasket that is in the inner part of the area the blades are in . i do not know how to describe it ... but if you have the magic bullet blender base , and the cups themselves , then this is all you need -- just screw it on to the cups after you fill them with whatever needs to be blended , and then stick on the blender base and blend away : ) 
yo.u will receive the whole base unit 
yes . just crew it on to the container and you are ready to go 
sorry ... i would n't know about that . : ( 
not sure - i can tell you that they are a factory fit to my magic bullet . sorry that i could n't help more 
ca king is longer than a standard king size mattress . the foam mattress topper covered 2 twin beds pushed together completely . 
yes it is still just a nice . quality product . 
i do n't think so . i 've heard other people say `` memory foam is too hot '' ! we 've had memory foam toppers on our bed for years , and i have to say this is the best by far . 
it fits all queen mattres.will take best offer 100.00 or more never used 3yr gart 
not sure what you 're ssking 
mine is 74 x 78 right now . when i first put it on it fit the 76 x 80 dimensions of my mattress almost exactly . but , as we have used it , it seems to becompacted about an inch per side . when i change the sheets , i lift it a bit and move it around and that seems to do something that gets it back to an exact fit again . but even when it 's in its shorter and narrower state it looks fine with the mattress pad , sheet and quilt over it . 
no , it does not come with a cover . 
huh ? ? 
no , the simple cup is placed inside the plastic adapter . just make sure you leave enough of the simple filter to fasten it between the adapter bottom and the adapter top then turn top clockwise until it stops . enjoy . 
yes 
i do n't know the exact number , but they hold enough to brew a large cup of tea . probably a little more than a tea bag . 
yes 
yes , filters are collapsible and may spill grounds out . 
sorry china . distributed by milford ct 
they work ok , but like the no mess of the ez cup filters best , just dump and no grinds left behind to rinse . i have an ez cup reusable filter and ecobrew and they fit just fine . i make up 5 or 6 at a time and just grab one and pop it in the kuerig 
most definitely 
10.5x15 and 4 '' deep . of course , with the domed lid , the cooking area is higher . 
it appears to be . everything i have cooked in it was done at the same temperature i used before i got the cooker . 
yes 
i have cooked a 16 pound turkey . i hope this helps . 
i am not sure if it is nsf approved , but it is a really good roaster . i operate a home based catering business and we use this roaster a lot . it is a good size and it does a good job ! to keep cleanup to a minimum , however , we use cooking bags when we use the roaster . these bags are also available on amazon . do not cook over 350 degrees if using a cooking bag . 
i am sorry , but i do not know if you can cook coffee beans ? it is a slow cooker and full oven all in one if that helps you to understand what it does . 
very easy for the round model ... just brush crumbs out after cooling . the grid is designed with an 'escape route ' for extra batter , allowing some overflow , but cooking it so it stays with the waffle and comes out clean . ( i 've used a friend 's all clad 2 belgian waffle maker , which had an overflow cup . it was messier , but at least it was contained in one location . ) 
not at all . i love it . 
it has a non-stick coating on the plates 
no floating hinges . 
it is made in china . 
i suppose you could soak your almonds , blend in a v.m . , and strain . this option was less expensive for me vs. buying a v.m . , it is stainless steel , has multiple settings , it cooks , and cleans very easily . if you have a v.m . you do n't need this to blend almonds , or make soup . but , use a fine mesh strain and a rubber spatula to get all the milk from your batch . after you do that , use a nut milk bag if you need the milk to be extra smooth . i find i never need to use my nut milk bag any more after using the fine strainer . nut milk bag is a lot of work and you never get all the milk out . again , if you have a vita mix , you do n't need this maker . but do invest in a good strainer with a handle , and a rubber spatula . milk tip , use almond extract instead of vanilla when making almond milk , its awesome ! 
yes ! and it tastes amazing ! about two measures ( it comes with a measuring cup ) of almonds , water and ca . 15 minutes in the machine . best almond milk ever . i love it . 
yes ! i have made it many times . use large shred coconut , & unsweetened . i buy it in bulk . i fill a large ( 6 cup canning jar ) jar half full with lightly packed with coconut , and up to the 6 cup line with water . let soak over night . then in the morning i pour the mix into the machine , make sure the water is to the fill line , and run the soaked bean setting . and then strain with the provided strainer . you can sweeten if you like , add vanilla , or what ever you want . i use the coconut , or almond meal for cooking and baking after . also , you can experiment with combos of coconut and other nuts . and the amount of nuts or coconut you use is up to you . i have had lots of success with it just playing around with raw versions , or using almond extract . its a really great kitchen tool over all . my oldest son cant drink dairy , and the amount of money i have saved on making my own milks has more than payed for this machine . we have not made soup with it like they say you can , but i am sure that would be easy to do . hope that helps ! 
yes , especially when you buy the soybeans in bulk , you save quite a bit . i make soy milk and tofu regularly . it ends up costing me less than a dollar per gallon of soy milk . 
the soyajoy g4 is definitely worth buying just for making almond milk . that is all i have made in it so far . i know all the ingredients in my 'milk ' , it is quick and easy , and it tastes great . 
no information was provided . the web side is www.soymilkmaker.com 
it is made to look like real wood but it is not . but you can not tell unless you are touching it because they did a very good job . like the new deck materials that they have to make a deck look like it is wood but it is not . i love ours and it goes well with our real wood furnishings . after a year of having this the only thing we had to change out was the filter on the back because we have dogs . 
check essick air web site 
i think it is about the same as a window ac unit in the same room . 
too big for soup bowls 
yes , they are microwavable ; however , i would not take them from the fridge to the microwave . i 've cooked vegetables and warned up many other items like soup and spaghetti . 
no i do not sorry ! 
yes it does . if you want it to go longer just press the on button again . 
mine takes about 6 minutes . this brand has lasted much , much longer than mr. coffee brand . i am very satisfied with it . 
it calls for 6 cups of vinegar and 4 cups of water , you put it in the back , press the auto-clean button and it does a good job . 
i believe the question refers to the digital time not being backlit . this is an issue i also have with this unit . very hard to read the time . in fact , any of the info on the screen is hard to read ! 
it is a standard coffee filter . use 8-12 cup filters . 
we do not have the item available in black . 
i havent noticed if the table is removable . i have 1 armchair caddy and have ordred 2 more as i love this item it is so useful , holds my drinks and my snacks while i watch television , surf the internt , etc ... . i recommend this item . 
yes ! ... the plate is acutally 6 '' wide so your sides should hang down nicely . i might also add : go out to one of the big box home improvement stores and obtain a piece of material designed to hold carpet throw rugs in place on the floor ... ..works great on the bottom of the caddie to hold it in place and will not damage anything ... ..tootles ... 
my chair has wide arms and the pocket hangs down about 8 inches toward the seat . 
sorry it took so long to get back to you but i 'm ill. just for you i searched for my mason jar and tried this experiment . results : it works great as long as you 1. always make sure the rubber seal is secure in place before you start and 2. if you stop at any point to add ingrediants , clean the rubber and bottom otherwise it will slip and get cut in the rotor ( like mine ) . the good thing about oster blenders is all parts are replaceable . hope this answer is helpful 
you can make homogenous ice cream mix cum blend , ( ingredients per your choice ) of right consistency to covert it into smooth ( without crystals ) end product -- -- -- delicious ice cream . ) 
the blstcc-rfp 16 speed blender has the following dimensions : 10 inches x 8.6 inches x 19.1 inches 
no , only one . 
it the color presented . i sprayed it with stain care product . as i said before , i wish it had a leather seat . 
they are adjustable mine are at the lowest at aprox 29 inches from floor to cushion . idk how high they can go never needed any higher . 
an alan wrench which is provided . it 's very easy to put together . 
about 30 pounds 
thank you for your interest in our product . the item you are inquiry for is pc033 which has neutral color cushion and iron frames . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . the product that you inquiry for is item pc033 which has a black color frame . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
we have shipped to mexico , but be aware that the shortening may melt during transit . 
i googled sweetex because i was not familiar with it & they are the same products . 
i 'm not sure about 'sweeten ' , but i think it 's the same as sweetex . i 've been using this for about a year now and have been very pleased . 
company says that it may come into contact with machinery that processes or packages gluten products . 
yes it does , the ingredients are : hydrogenated soybean and cottonseed oils , with mono and diglycerides added . 
we generally ship usps ( priority to parcel select ) , but it depends on where we 're shipping to . on occasion we have used fedex as well . 
i got wide-mouth jars . but do n't waste your money . the shipping cost more than the damn jars themselves . you can get them at ace hardware and target . 
yes , you can use a vacuum-type sealer that sucks all the air out of the jar -- i do it all the time . food saver brand does it very well , as long as the unit is capable of sealing 'cannisters ' . 
from ball canning website , freshpreserving.com : there are two important things to know . first , we recommend using only ball kerr brand lids . they are bpa free , and offer the safest , most reliable results of any lid on the market . the second most important thing you need to know is never use a lid twice . after the first use , the lid will no longer seal effectively , so a fresh lid must be used every time . 
i am not sure , i do not vacuum seal my jars . 
yes 
no , unless freezing dry goods in it like dry rice or dried beans . 
the dimensions of this jar is 9,1 4 inches tall and the mouth is about 3,1 8 inches wide . 
no ! the `` express '' is a cheap copy cat version ! do n't purchase it . i mistakingiy purchased 2 and tried to return them . steve , manager was rude and argumentative . i ended up purchasing the real authentic smart living steam mop ! ! ! worst online experience of my life ! ! ! 
because the express is a cheap copycat version of the quality smart living steamer- mcs are crooks . 
i never needed to get replacement pads as my steam mop broke after only using it 3 times 
from what i understand you can ! it depends on where you bought your mop . call ocean sales who are the real smartliving steam mop folks and ask who your nearby distributor is or ask for other options to buying more ! i think when i bought my recent one at the puyallup fair they were about $ 10 for 4 but do n't quote me . 
you can buy additional pads on amazon . 
yes we can . we will also sell two for $ 150 
it depends on the finish on your hardwood floors . we have a coat of polyurathane on ours that is quite old with bits of the real wood exposed . the steam mop did n't work on our floors because it `` lifted '' more of the polyurathane off the floors . i was not real pleased with this `` newer '' version of the smart living mop . it does n't work as well as the old one i had and i was unable to return it to the company . i 'm stuck with it and will make the best of it but would n't recommend it . good luck . 
yes , all the parts come off to clean . 
i can send you a copy . please give me your email . thanks , susan 
what does it look like ? 
so far i have juiced apples , lemons , celery , carrots , ginger root , kale , spinach , red peppers and everything has juiced really well . i hope that helps ! 
i do n't have one but my co-worker does and he says it 's super easy to clean . he swears by it and uses it at least twice a day . 
yep , fits perfectly . but it definitely does n't blend as well . i have to put smaller amount of food in and it is n't as smooth . it 's ok but not the best . i have also noticed it started rusting on the screw ... which caused my last piece to break . this should have happened since i took better care of this one because of my past experience so this makes me pretty unhappy ... 
it fits my black and decker crush master blender model bl12475g . 
i have been asked this several times and the answer is `` yes '' 
i could n't recommend it -- it does a poor job with ice -- and frozen fruit 
hi mari j : you can look that up on google ( & maybe amazon ) . you should be able to find a list of replacement parts if you have both manufacturer name and the model number . i assume you have a black & decker but you do n't specify . when i ordered mine , amazon had a list of comparable models . it works perfectly in mine but it 's a different model than yours . 
the part is an exact replica as the old one . it does bring the plastic part in the bottom that sit with the top rotor part . it fits as play and plug . i replaced one and works fine . 
no , it 's only the metal you see in the photo 
i believe thta it should fit your blender . 
i 'm not sure , the model i have is blc1870dmb 
nope 
yes , it does . good question . 
mine is rusty . it rusted in spots as soon as i washed it first time . now i keep it outside by my grill . it do n't look good enough for the kitchen any more . 
i can not recall if where it was made was included in the packaging . 
it 's 14.5 '' from floor to base . hope that helps . 
just a regular twin mattress . no box spring needed 
it has metal slats . 
18 to 20 inches 
no 
no , it does not . 
no 
to me it was not strong at all . gone in less than a day . 
in order to answer that one would have to ask what kind of fire flame would this mattress be exposed to ? most foam mattresses melt under heat then go to another state depending on the degree of heat . of all the flammable objects that are in and around your room one would have to ask what fire scenario are you thinking about ? let me know so that one can give you a better answer or check with the manufacturer ! 
they come in sets of two . one is 10x14 and the other is 9 13 . 
i am traveling now but this answer is accurate smaller than the average plate . one tray is larger than the other for storage purposes . even the bigger of the too plates was too small for my dinner ware . jenna m. answered on july 3 , 2014 
they are in storage . but , they are nice but not as large as a regular food tray . 
14.5 x 11 inches 
i 'm guessing no . not in the trunk and possibly not in the back seat . i 'm away from home and ca n't measure the unit for you , but this info should be on the web site . i 'm not at all sure what your door opening is . all i can say for sure is that we 're very happy with the unit . 
we have n't done so ... but , they look like it would work . 
depends on what you wanting it for ... i would n't count on it to be 100 % water tight , and it is in no way even remotely `` bear proof '' . it 's decent general purpose light-duty tote with wheels . 
dont know yet - have not had it out in the weather yet . 
sorry , it ca n't use ac plug in . 
sorry for the late reply . it 's automatic turn-off . 
forged in china . holds edge very well . for the price , it is almost as good as my shun . 
hi , the handle is in triangular share with round edge . thanks . 
if you have to ask , then , as a general rule , it is not . it would be plastered all over the place if it was . 
do n't know country of origin but as a damascus blade , perhaps , japan . it is very similar with the shun 8 inch chef knife , which i also own . it 's slightly shorter than a shun and lighter . the blade is sharp ; remember to hone blade edge prior to cutting . i wanted to try a chef knife approx 40 % less than a shun . for the price wonderful knife . also try a zhen vg-10 or 3-ply knives . 
not sure about the range , mine is for 120 volts . more importantly , this device has been recalled by dyson as a fire hazard . 
yes , it will turn itself on and off as temperature requires 
it 's not an air conditioner ... just a fan . it has quite a few different speeds and oscillates , although is rather loud . 
my dyson set at 75 degrees is not warm to the touch and there are no moving blades . also , the exterior is smooth and easy to clean with a soft cloth . if that is what is meant by `` bird safe , '' it fits the bill . 
it was something around 30 x 60 cm 
i think so . even on the highest speed it does n't bother me . 
i only received one . 
6-1 4 '' at widest point . 
shipping is included in the price . thanks 
each hanger is $ 0.75 . they are very well made and fit all of the clothes for the ag doll . 
you order as many as you want . the style pictured is sixty-five cents each . the company also offers a hanger with a crossbar and clips on it for pants and skirts . the hangers are really well made . 
i do n't know if they 're technically chip resistant , but i 've had no problems with chips since i 've been using them . 
dinner plates are fantastic ! largest that i found . approx 11 '' *11 '' . only problem is they can be too big for my kids . smaller plate is sufficient . 
china 
yes the bedskirt is split on the corners . 
it comes with 2 small decorative pillows also 
it 's black 
the size of the pillow is exactly the same but the height of the pillow is different . i got the low profiles for my children and the high profile for my husband and self . the difference in height ? the low profile is between 3-4 inches and the high profile is between approx . 6-7inches ( i find this height great for side sleeping ) . the think i love about these pillows is the air holes - they breath and still hold their shape beautifully . the cover is also very good . i am considering purchasing some more for my guest room . i hope i have helped answer your question . 
i do n't have the actual measurements , since i 'm at work , but i can tell you that we purchased the ones advertised as full size . they do fit in a full size pillow case , but there is definitely not any additional space ( they fit snugly ) i can also tell you that they were a bit harder than we expected them to be , so be forewarned ... they may give you a neck ache if you sleep on your side much , since they do n't `` give '' in the middle . the ergonomic type may be a better choice . aside from those issues , the many tiny holes in the pillow allow good air cirulation and keep it cool . 'hope that answers your question . 
i did n't have any problems with mine and i got one for me and 3 more for my grandchildren . 
they say something like 9 months , i change mine 4 months , because of pets.. it is awesome.. we went out of town for 5 weeks and came home to a fresh smelling house 
sorry , i have no idea . suggest you talk to the manufacturer to see the difference . sorry ! 
the pan is 4 inches deep and the dome lid is approximately the same height . 
it is 8 inches . 
the flat bottom diameter between 7.5 and 8 inches . 
contemporary 
the pillows are actually included ! all 4 of them 
i ordered this set and was a bit put off when delivered as the smell of material was strong but after a week i fell in love ! great price for an amazing set . i did n't get and warranty 
please search b00bk7ufkc on amazon.com . which is the listing for matching loveseat 
the cushions are microfiber . 
the seat cushions are removable , the back cushions are attached . 
i do n't recall seeing a weight limit on the box . i will say that the table is very sturdy . the table i purchased sits on carpet , and still is more than stable enough to eat off of . it 's a high quality bistro table , and comparable to anything you 'll find in a local pub or cafe . 
i had to place a pice of square wood between te pole and the the top part of the table . 
no , would n't work . we bought adjustable stools of the same brand and they are perfect for short and tall users . love them ! 
probably not ideal . the mdf top i believe will eventually succumb to humidity condensation etc . 
is smaller than the dimension of the table , but still sturdy than it looks . 
it has a tank so you do n't have to drain it with the hose , but when we 're going to be away for several days and ca n't empty it , i always put it on the kitchen counter and let the hose drain into the sink . the gravity gives me some peace of mind . 
manufacturer warranty : 24 months parts and labor 
i will say about almost a gallon . 
we have not had it on that on that temperature but it has been great.. 
yes , this model has a separate water container . it is located in the front and is easily pulled out . it also has a built in handle for ease of carrying . 
it is boxed twiced . my came ina amazon box and then once opened it was in the chicago cutlery box . just needs the gift wrap and bow 
i 've had mine 9 months and love them . i hand wash and dry them and they are not rusty at all ! 
it is about 3-3.5 '' wide , 7 '' tall , and 7 '' long . 
no 
yes , i believe they 're solid , though that 's a relative term as the blade goes through the handles for mounting purposes . 
yes , they are . wash them by hand and dry immediately or else they could rust . do not was them in the dishwasher . 
19 '' wide , 14 '' deep with a raised edge on all 4 sides 
yes height adjustable . 
twenty eight ( 28 ) inches . sorry it took so long to answer but i have my granddaughter visiting and have n't been on internet since she came . she loves it as well as i do . 
yes you can but , you have to be careful . the plastic slot you put the bar in is very cheap . it will crack . i cracked 3 trays putting it together . i dont like these trays . 
the height can be varied . i have my tables connected at the 3rd from the bottom leg holes . this gives me a height of 23.5inches from floor to the top . 
u 
it 's actually the same , but this one is an older model because the colors are different . they both come in the same sizes and use the same mouth piece . there is no big difference . 
i wouldn '' t , but i do n't know what the manufacturer says . 
sorry it is made in thailand . 
it is like a coated steel i think ... ? ! it 's not one of those stainless steel you will see from starbucks tumblers . hope this helps . 
i 'm not a plastic expert , but the bottom part is very clear like glass , probably a polypropylene . the top is softer , a little like hard rubber . the base is a typical large rubber suction cup . i love this thing in my kitchen for dish soap . the measure markings on the side make it so easy to fill with soap and water . 
no . hard plastic . good product . saves much $ on soap . 
it is a laquered hard particle wood . very sturdy , no chemical smell 
15 inches wide by 22 3 4 inches long 
yes . 
dark bronze 
the seat height is 30 inches the total height of the chair is 47.25 inches . 
hi charron ann ! the big and tall back to back scroll 30 '' datk brown bar stool seat is 30 '' high . please let us know if you have any further questions . 
it 's twin size . 
yes , the label on the front indicates bpa free , though perhaps you ca n't really tell from the photo . 
they are a # 5 . 
27.5 x 64 x 36 inches . 49.6 lbs and its amazing ! ! ! 
they need staining . be sure to use a sealant and finish with a fine steel wool . good doors . 
each panel is 17 7 8 '' ( total width 35 3 4 '' ) so the manufacturer provides a 1 4 '' for the mounting hardware . if the opening is 36 '' , it will fit nicely . 
we do not . sorry about that . 
this would not be an option . 
mine came in two panels hinged together . i needed two sets for 6 foot wide closet door openings . these are better than home depot quality . 
according to the manufacturers website this vacuum comes with a crevice tool , turbobrush tool and extension wand . 
turn off the brush and you can pick up dust and hair , etc . on your laminate floors . it also works well as a regular vacuum on rugs and carpets . 
it weighs about twenty lbs. -- -- we really are impressed with this vacuum ! just saw it on hsn at a special price of $ 159.00 ! 
there are places on the cleaner where they snap on , they do n't always stay snapped on tho . 
no , it is n't ... ... 
works great picking up dog hair off the bare floor and carpet . however , the attachments are n't as effective on my couch ( our dog lays on the floor , up against the couch ) . 
aurelia , let me go check out the manual , which by the way , really does stink ; i must admit the manual stinks . lookit that : not only does it not mention the wattage range , there is no underwriter 's laboratory information . nor is there an information regarding the engine 's power . i guess we would mark this up as a con . i do not see a switch on the machine from 110 120 to 220 240 . 
the drive belt is part no . 203-1730 hope this answers your question . 
i 'm sorry , but i did n't need any matching pillows ; so i have no idea where to purchase them . 
the legs are a dark brown . 
it is not very comfortable , but it is not that bad ... .. 
no , they are not oven safe . dishwasher , microwave and freezer safe . 
9 inch ... a very good strong bowl with nice snap on tight lids 
sorry i do n't have an answer for you.i use them for dog dishes and they are great for that.if you need the covers know they are very very tight . 
not very much . less than one hundred pounds . our stopped working a month later 
yeah , i feel pretty sad about that too . i just bought a simple pump , the battery one , and cut off part of the medium-size connector ... it seems like a little bit stupid , but it works . hope my words can help you . : ) 
the 3 shelves the height is 6 inches the width 20 inches per measurement . 
yes it fix very well on it 
the side spaces are approx . 12 1 2 inches wide , 19 inches high , 16 1 2 inches deep 
dark brown , almost black looking 
flat . all assembly required but very easy to assemble . 
i do n't have the measurements on the right now but i can tell you the table is smaller than you think and that it looks like in the picture 
not in the middle but you could on either side 
no it is not made of real wood . i is pretty compressed faux wood . the top is also faux . it does look good together . 
the headline answer is yes as long as you take care over 3 variables 1. a fine grind firmly tamped into the portafilter . 2. the right amount of water . 3. the pressure you exert on the arms . as you pull the arms down its the coffee in the portfjlter that creates the back pressure . if it 's too coarse the water will pass through too easily . if it 's too fine the water will struggle to pass through . get it right and you will create 8-9 bar of pressure . however there is still more to get right to extract the oils to make a great espresso . pressure is not enough . the coffee must be fresh . the water must be around 90 degrees . it 's not a one button electric machine . but get these variables right and the espresso is delicious . experiment and master it . you will be delighted . much more satisfying than pressing a button ! 
stainless steel 
i have no idea . i suppose only a chemist whould know . 
yes but poor . the foodsaver bags are much better 
i think there is some confusion in the previous 2 answers - they must have been thinking of a different product ( the quart bags ) . according to the reviews , these do not work with the hand pump . based on the picture this looks correct , because these bags do not have the hole that the pump connects to . you can see the difference if you compare the picture of these with the picture of the quart-sized vacuum bags . 
no , 13 bags . 
yeah we grease it with a drop of oil.. it 's definitely is not non-stick.. but the cooker is good ... 
an idli is a steamed dumpling made of rice and urad dal ( a variety of split lentil ) .it is very popular in southern india and is traditionally served with sambar ( a lentil soup dish ) . 
yes , it is compatible for use on induction cooktop 
there is a rod in the center of the lowest idli plate . the other plates slide on it for cooking and are removed by sliding the plates up and off the rod . 
between 8 '' to 10 '' 
about average -- if mounted or set on rubber or foam pad it would be pretty low 
we run it in our basement , so it 's not in the same place where we spend most of our time . you can definitely hear it , but it 's a low hum . equivalent to a white noise machine . 
it does make more noise when the compressor is on but to me it is tolerable and much better than the other 2 units i had in the past . 
power consumption : 720w 6.9a 
i actually did n't think it required much in the way of being careful - the unit shuts off due to the bucket being full when it 's still a good 3-4 inches from the top and it slides out very easily , so you 'd almost have to go out of your way to slosh water out of it . furthermore , it has a built-in handle in the middle of the bucket that lifts right up , making it incredibly easy to carry it with one hand ( allowing you to open doors , tip up the bottom to pour it , etc . with your other hand ) . 
yes , you may use the garden hose . please review user manual for size of the hose ( page 7 ) . http : site.sunpentown.com sd-31e.41e.61e.71e_manual.pdf http : www.sunpentown.com sd70pidewien1.html 
air flow cfm ( high low ) : 188.3 164.8 
i 'm guessing one year but gets doubled using american express . had it running on super high in garage in n.c. mountains 24 7 and she works beautifully . 
the cord was tightly wrapped but i do n't remember a plastic cover . 
yes , of course ; ) , i always use paper liners in the cupcake maker . 
it will make any kind of muffin ! we 've made cornbread before . 
the size is medium . cupcake papers are usually sold in 3 sizes ; jumbo ( large ) medium , or mini ( vert small ) . you can get a better idea of size by looking at the cupcake papers in your local super market . 
yes . it will go away . wash gently with soapy water and dry . it will burn off after use . 
i do n't know , it was a gift . sorry 
i love it . very durable 
''these rugs wash beautifully . i put them in the dryer on low heat . they do not shed any fibers . 
yes ... .it 's nice 
120v 60hz 800w 
full size , 
yes , i did 
sure with supervision 
hello , no , everything bakes consistently , the center is smooth and the borders a bit crusty , but i like it that way . 
i am not positive about grain free cupcakes but if they cook like regular cupcakes then they will do fine..i have done cupcakes of many kinds , muffins , cookies , biscuits , and pizza with dough..it is very versatile 
never to use alone , however my three year old asked for this for christmas last year and he loves to help me make muffins and cupcakes . it gets very hot very fast . 
i can not tell you this now as i still have not received it but from what i read , you can use any . 
try michaels or hobby lobby . 
yes , it comes with 1 pads for cleaning , and a stiff brush for harder cleaning surfaces ( like linoeum ) . i bought extras when i purchased the machine 
hard push and pull ! 
no . on the bottom is a groove that holds either the pad ... which , especially if you had 2 of them , you could use for polishing i guess ... or you can use the brush for scrubbing . the pad is like a soft washcloth you velcro onto its holder to wash the floors . i love my bissell ! ! although , they came out w the symphony ( at 2+x the price ! ! ) and that one has steam heat for cleaning ... when i wear this one out , i 'm going for the symphony . 
does not work well on carpet . does clean hard surfaces both wet and dry very well . i also bought a small canister bag less vac with the hose to vac area rugs , baseboards . closets , bathroom and furniture -- hard to reach places with upright . hope that helps . peace 
noooooooooo & here 's why it 's a very thin narrow pad.it would take u 4ever 2 clean ur floors.u can try it but that 's why i sent mine back.i bought a bisseel pet vacuum cleaner for $ 42.at christmas time threw walmart & i still have it & i had 6 cats & 3 dogs at that time.i beleive in bissell 's products & i was really disappointed in this one.maybe the bissell symphony might be better.i do n't know.i 've tried the spin mops & those have worked really well , except the mop handle broke & also the taking off 2 clean the mop.so now i have the libman . 
hi kosta - this unit is intended for hard floors including sealed wood flooring . 
yes ... not 100 % dry though 
no- only 110 
i never tried ... . i use plain tap water and add a small amount of vinegar and a few drops of essential oil ( peppermint , or eucalyptus or tea tree ) . i have linoleum floors . my two labs constantly have dirty or muddy feet so use it all the time . i keep the reservior full of the mix and use as needed . sometimes it uses it all up and sometimes just a spot job works so i left the solution in it . i do clean dirty water after each use . i am not sure if you could leave bleach water in it but if you dilute it still would give extra cleaning but would empty after each use . if you do try leave a reply back so i know how it works . 
fits perfectly . 
no it does not ... 
diameter = 4 '' circumference = 12 '' depth = slightly under 5 '' 
not recommended 
my order of this product arrived as a pile of shards of glass ; so technically yes , you could pour the shards into any bodum french press , the eileen included . to give a far less snarky answer , i think it would , but i would double-check the dimensions for each press to make sure . 
my french press is not electric . i 'd check on line w bodum . 
12 inch circumference , 5 inch depth 
yes , that 's what i have . 
sorry for my delayed response . no , they do not have a sheen like in the picture . they 're more of a mat finish . i know it 's all personal preference , but i would n't buy them again . their price reflects the quality of these sheets . hopefully , this help you . 
i assume so , however i am not thrilled with the quality . the sheets wrinkle easily and they feel really flimsy and already old after just a few washings . 
of course based upon many reasons on amazon : inaccurate listing , claims that can not be backed up , inaccurate value representation , defective , unwilling for an even exchange , peddler did not reply to you , real fiber content not disclosed on listing ( cotton , polyester , modal , tencel , acrylic are legal ftc sheet fibers ) . 
one solid peice ... the cushions are garbage ... 
mine came with ottoman and the pillows . 
yes , but please do n't purchase this couch sucks more than kim k . 
no its sturdy 
i bought this sofa for my son , and do n't have it , the measurement is on description below found product info ... 
about 102 x 65.. just measured ... 
hi , great question . according to the product details , this sofa has a reversible design . this means you can set up the chaise on the left or the right side . for your convenience , this information can be found next to the product picture . i hope this helps ! 
yes . i just love the bodum . i have the 12 ounce for company and the 3 cup for myself . oh , the coffee tastes so delicious . enjoy ! ! 
yes it does 
yes . they break too easily even though i was very careful with them . i went through 4 replacements in about 3 years . eventually i got tired of replacing the glass and went with a stainless steel french press instead . 
it should . just make sure you are ordering the right sized beaker . the beaker size has to fit the ounce or cup size of your french press . make sure you only buy the bodum brand beaker . the others will not fit . 
`` 3 cups '' means three espresso cups ( 4 ounces each ) . 
outside bottom l 9 '' 5 8 -w 6 '' 1 4 - inside heigh 3 '' 3 4 i hope that this helps you it is a great item to have : - ) 
this pan would be more for soups , rice , potatoes and pasta . it 's size would limit you to maybe 3-4 smaller ears of corn on the cob . still an awesome pan . i have the larger one as well that i use for corn on the cob . 
yes . it just overlaps like a large round pot would . i love mine . it is perfect for pasta and i use it to brown roasts before putting it into the oven . it has high sides so there is less splatter . very desirable for the deep seated neat freak in me . 
yes , you can use egg beaters in the pan . you may need to adjust the amount of water used in the hot-plate to fine tune your results . i use 2 tablespoons of water . 
west bend 's website has them for $ 5 : http : westbend.com support replacement-parts toasters.html 
no . but just as an update i will tell you i still love my toaster ! it is used for toast every day and eggs & toast a few times a week . i have eliminated frivolous kitchen gadgetry and although this may be a novelty , it is very very useful . 
yes . 
31 '' w x 30 '' h x 14 '' d 
it is matte white , very nice looking . i do n't regret this purchase . 
there is a zippered pocket that will hold a 15 '' laptop computer but not a 17 '' one . 
well it would be like anything else , if you spill something on it , you had better clean it or it will stain but probably not likely . my bag is great and i put it thru the wringer . i wipe it down and it looks great ! 
i 'm not sure but i do know that i have put up to 10lbs in it with no problem 
yes it is but thing is it looks like a normal bag but it 's a insert in the middle looks like it 's for a laptop i just pulled it out but it 's a big bag overall 
that is the only shoulder strap but my husband and i can both use it to carry the bag on our shoulders . we are both of normal size build . it 's a little shorter on my husband but makes a perfect shoulder bag for myself . 
not at all and i have washed it more than 10 times and it looks exactly the same 
yes i believe so . there is about 2 3 4 inches from the bar that holds the paper towel to the base ( not sure how giant your paper towel rolls are : ) 
just 2 and they come with it 
no , it can not stand on a counter . must choose a different style 
13-1 4 '' long x 3 '' high x 5 '' deep 
yes it is 
it comes with screws . there are pre-drilled holes in the back . 
that depends more on the type of paper towel being used than on the towel holder , but i usually can . the holder is sturdy enough to hold the tube up while it 's being pulled on , if that 's the point of the question . 
a standard roll of paper toweling works fine , im not sure how large an extra large roll of paper toweling actually is . 
yes it can be mounted vertically 
yes they are strong ! i have 6 pots and pans hanging from one steel rail . love them ! 
if you hang it from underneath your upper cabinets , yes . not if you hang it from the wall as pictured 
it 's made of stainless steel with a clear coating over top of it that is baked on at about 750 degrees f. in a highly humid area or one where its getting wet a lot , after about a year you may see it start to get a very light white film on it . i 've had mine in my kitchen in a non-humid area for over a year now and its got nothing on it at all . i doubt that it ever will . but , even if it does , you can easily clean it off with one or two strokes of a rag dipped in some polish or cleaner . the hooks are the same way accept their just stainless steel without the coating over it . 
it came with screws , as i recall 
definitely ! they are quite strong ! 
nope ! 
2 '' 
approximately 3 8 '' 
there is no calibration option . 
two cr2032 batteries 
a quick check of the sticker on the bottom of the scale indicates that it is , in fact , made in china . 
i have n't seen that it does . 
up to 11 lbs . 
600 watts 
yes i think it is only for the 7l stainless steel bowl it is called `` dust cover accessory bowl '' 
julia , the double beaters can only be used in the smaller ( 3.5l ) bowl , and is suitable for very light and pourable batters . the double beaters are not suitable for heavy cookie doughs , such as chocolate chip or oatmeal raisin cookies , so we recommend mixing those in the 7l stainless steel bowl with the roller scraper attachment . regards , pleasant hill grain 
d , the smallest batch the ankarsrum would knead well is about a 2-loaf batch . regards , pleasant hill grain 
arleen , we offer a 220v ankarsrum mixer , however , it is only available in the color mineral white . you can find it on our website at www.pleasanthillgrain.com . regards , pleasant hill grain 
we only sell the 120v model . ankarsrum does make a 240v model , but it costs quite a bit more and typically is not sold in the usa . hope that helps , and please give us a call if we can help in any other way ! 9g health foods 205.202.9235 
armand , the ankarsrum original mixer is made in sweden . regards , kelsey layman pleasant hill grain 
standard queen 
i think they are the white ones . 
i washed my pillow with wool white on a delicate cycle . then i dried it in the dryer on low and then let it dry for a couple hours out of the dryer 
the great thing about this pillow is that it is very firm and if it ever loses the firmness bc of excessive use you can bring back the firmness by placing it in the dry for 10-20 minutes depending on how firm you want it 
the width of the pillow . kings are wider than a standard pillow in order to fit the wider bed well . my 2 cents ... you can buy a much better pillow than the mypillow . my wife and i bought 2 and 4 months later neither of us are using ours . they lost all loft . in my opinion they are purely sales driven . the product is iffy at best . if you look at most of the reviews they are people who just bought one and brought it home . very few people will come back in a few months after the product is junk and bother to tell you about it . 
it does n't specifically say that on the packaging , but the instructions that come with it will tell you how to achieve a soft to firm feel . you can manipulate the pillow to your comfort . i love it simply because i do n't wake up in the morning with a sore neck any more ... i feel like my head spine are in better alignment while i sleep . hope this helps . 
i sleep on my back or side so i 'm unable to give you any guidance . i really like this pillow and do n't know why it would n't be comfortable for those sleeping on their stomach too . 
how many inches is there from the floor to the bottom of the desk top ? 
yes 
the legs attach with small bolts that go into recessed nuts . there is a a bar on each side set of legs that is welded to the two legs and the bolts go through said bar into the thick bottom `` shelf '' of the table . it is much sturdier than it looks in these pics . 
assembly was pretty easy . it took me about an hour to completely set up . i love it ! 
no 
just a little over 1 4 . '' the edge is solid enough to keep any spills inside the mat . it is absolutely perfect . i really like it . 
the tops are rounded , and there is no sense of `` prickliness '' about it . they look like rounded pillars . 
yes..absolutely . black seal is removable too . 
yes 
no adjusting lever that i see . it has to set on an even floor and the readings are digital and it states your weight in an audible clear voice . i like it and have had no trouble with it . 
300 lbs . 
yes 
yes , there is a button on the back so you can set it for the measurement you want . 
no 
13 in wide 11 3 4 in long 
yes on the bottom of the scale is an optional button 
32f to 446f according to the owner 's guide at : http : c929377.r77.cf2.rackcdn.com 178903_111612.pdf 
no . you want the kingssford grill surface thermometer : http : www.amazon.com kingsford-kth10-grill-surface-thermometer dp b002cird1c ref=sr_1_15 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1386130171 & sr=8-15 & keywords=weber+grill+thermometer 
based on another answer that the high range is 450 degrees , this should work for candy since 360 is the top range for candy . http : foodreference.about.com od food_reference_charts a candy-making-temperatures-and-stages-of-hardness.htm 
no - the directions say to `` never leave thermometer in food on barbecue . '' and `` do not expose thermometer to temperatures outside of operational temperature range '' . the operating temps are listed 122f to 212f . it 's designed to give readout in & lt ; 15 sec . 
yes it will . i use it in my icecream shop almost for everything . 
it 's a little smaller at the tip then goes to about .125 an 1 8 , and by the way mine works great 
no reason it should n't . have n't used it on bread , however . it will measure the temperature at the tip . 
it has a little indention to show how far to put it in , about an inch . 
yes , very quiet . but it puts out heat , to regenerate the desiccant , so its use is limited in hot , humid weather , eg not for a bedroom . i 'm satisfied with mine . 
hi , we dont ship internationally at the moment thanks customer service 
yes , works perfectly well 
we do n't sell just a spare parts . we can check with our supplier if you want to . thnx 
not grease , a disaffected area . 
110 volts 
yep.it works . much better then plastic . 
yes 
i checked around before i purchased and found some info saying it was bpa-free . do n't remember where now ... 
twice ! once for my 7 year old and once for me . i was ticked when it happened to him , but when it happened to me , i was furious ! the lid just was n't fully seated . & # 128514 ; 
ants got in so i would say no 
i have not yet put this particular item in the dishwasher , but the other modular pieces seemed to do fine . i have washed them on the bottom rack through the pots and pans cycle with the heated drying turned on and they came out just fine . i do put the lids up on the top shelf just so they do n't slip through and get on the heating element . other than that precaution , i think it is okay to say they are dishwasher safe . 
the inner diameter of the circular opening is 1 1 2 inches . 
no , it is just the carousel . 
i bought mine just for starbucks verismo pods . i ca n't answer about other coffee brands . i think the keurig pods are larger and deeper in size , so this probably would n't work for them . 
no only starbucks verismo pods can be used . 
i 'd say between soft & medium . now that i 've had them awhile , they do tend to flatten out where your head is . good snuggle pillow , but not as supportive as i had hoped . 
made in china by royal hotel collection 
i purchased a zip up cover for mine and then used a regular pillow case over it . when i washed both covers ... the zip up did have some small feathers i had to shake out . if your question is were feathers all over the bed ... nope . i recommend purchasing the zip up cover , tho 
yes , we should have them back in stock in about two weeks . please contact us directly to receive updates on stock . 
we should have them back in stock in 2 weeks . please contact us directly and we can notify you when we should receive them . 
no . 
it is a one piece screw on lid with holes in the top 
no ... they only fit standard sized mason jar openings . 
yes , it is - it fits the 2lbs loaf from my large zojirushi breadmaker . i 'm just not happy with the quality of the box - the thin bamboo veneer is coming apart at the corners because they 're not glued properly and the veneer is warped . 
not sure . no visible marks . decent construction , lid fits well 
the top was warped and the material seemed cheap . we returned it . 
the bread box is 16 inches wide 7 1 2 inches tall with the top on it and 7 1 2 inches deep . it 's beautiful and sturdy . 
i do n't remember . i sent it back because it was warped and the quality was n't very good . 
we ordered this but sent it back right away . sorry ! 
yes 
the motor is part of the kit for the brush motors its one whole piece . 
yes ! it comes with a new beater brush and bristle brush ( the connection ends have been redesigned so that they do n't accumulate hair as much as the previous version ) . 
yes . mine came as pictured , was a direct replacement , and has worked very well . 
yes 
it comes with screws . the screws are pre-set into the plastic 
my 500 was getting loud and not working as good , , this unit is way quieter and seemed to do as good or better than original one ..hope helped . 
yes 
i do n't know how many watts , but the coffee that dispenses is hot . i add water to cool it down . i love this coffee maker ! ! 
max capacity is 18oz and there are also marks on the reservoir for 16 , 12 and 8oz . 
you can use any cup provided it is n't taller than the space between the base and the brew basket . the coffee just drips out of the brew basket like any normal drip coffee machine . 
yes , you can use it for tea or hot chocolate but the weakest part of the system is the filter and the device that hold the filter into the coffee maker . i now use a solution of baking soda and distilled water to soak both parts after use . 
yes . it shuts off automatically . 
i have a table i made so mine sits on the table i use it four times a week so its no problem i let the cord hang behind the table since its against the wall the rest stay pluged in 
plastic inner lining outer shell stainless 
the instructions are to wait 5 minutes between brewing cycles but i have brewed in succession with no apparent damage . i sometime use the cup as a carafe to pour two smaller cups and then brew another in a few minutes . 
i am pleased wirh the taste of the coffee . i amoverall pleased with the product . the only thing that i have difficulty with is thst the resevoir for the h2o is so dark that i have difficulty seeing how much h2o i have put in . otherwise , i love this appliance ! 
did you run vinegar through it to get rid of hard water deposits ? 
i have a 100 pound punching bag in a single hook . its not the hook you should be worried about , but the screw expansion shield and the screw . go to a hardware store and look for this : http : www.ucanfast.com products details.php ? category=mechanical+anchors & c=6 & subcategory=medium+duty+anchors & sc=180 & productid=98 tell him to give you a good expansion shield , a good screw to fit in and a good driller tip . ( remember to have the hook with you in order to see if the screw fits ) 
yes they will hold upto 200lbs per hang ring ( total 400lbs ) per set from what i have read . i have them supporting a trapeze bar from the ceiling . 
unless you attach something that swivels . then no it is a fixed unit 
thank you for your interest on our product . each pole can hold up to 80kg and you can hang total 240 clothes . 
yes the curtains are detachable . i left mine off but you can change them as well . 
yes 
yes it will , but 8 ' is the max . i have 9 ' ceilings and i had to use the option to purchase extensions from the company . then the provided curtain ( which surprisingly was n't bad looking at all ) was too short . no worries though any drapery will work . i love it and you do n't need any tools for assembly or installation . the floor to ceiling poles are spring loaded and may depress more after loaded with clothes , so make sure it 's tight to the ceiling floor to start . i have mine over loaded with clothing and it 's sturdy . i was a great purchase . it 's better than i expected for the price . hope this helps . 
i 'm not sure i 'm a side sleeper , so this pillow was way too low for me . 
the high profile one really is n't that high . however , i have not seen the low profile version so i can not compare it . either way , i would use it with an additional pillow underneath . if you want a lot of neck support , buy the high profile and . for less support , try buying the high profile one and sleep on that ( it really is n't that high ) . at least , that 's my opinion . i need a separate pillow either on top or underneath the high profile one , but my girlfriend sleeps just fine on that alone . so , unless you like to sleep on a really slim pillow , try the high profile . 
the pillow i received is only about two inches thick . the pillow is very comfortable but i do wish it was thicker . not sure what you mean by high or low profile . the was not option when i ordered . 
it does cold coffee in the same way a keurig does , so you would brew the coffee over a cup of ice . one benefit that this has over my previous keurig is that you can buy coffee that brews different amounts . with my keurig i could set the water amount for a larger cup , but the k-cup held the same amount of coffee no matter how much water i used to brew , and in my opinion this left my larger cup tasting less strong . my tassimo has different discs for different sizes and although all the discs are the same size they all come out tasting equally strong , which is especially helpful for iced coffee as you are watering it down with the ice already . if you are asking if the machine brews cold coffee straight from the brewer then the answer is no , but i 've been enjoying iced carmel lattes almost daily for the past month or so ! yum ! hope this helps . 
it 's 110 . 
tells you when it 's ready to brew , when you can pump more water for thinner coffee and when it is time to descale the machine . all very straightforward . 
it wont start brewing unless you have enough water 
since a stick of butter in our region of the country measures 4 3 4 '' by 1 1 4 '' , this attractive , sturdy , pretty butter dish adequately holds the butter with room to use a knife to cut off what you need . the bottom is 7 '' by 2 15 16 '' , covered by a top at 6 5 8 '' by 2 1 2 '' . the lower lip of the bottom keeps melted butter from spilling off of it on a warm summer day . a wonderful dish ! 
it is 6-3 8 ' long ( the lid ... the base is a tiny bit longer ) , 2-3 4 ' wide and 2-1 4 '' tall . 
no , it does not . does n't even sort of click into place . would not recommend purchasing this item . 
unfortunately , not . this product is made in china for an american company . 
yes it needs a filter 
we have been using the holmes hwf-75 . i believe that we bought these from amazon as well . 
yes 
it is 27 '' long , not counting the plug itself . 
it should be , as the only thing the water touches is the stainless steel . i would recommend you to call the manufacture if you want to be 100 % sure . 
the only plastic on the kettle itself is the handle and cover . the kettle is stainless steel . i would think this is a question for the manufacturer . 
yes . all the parts that look black in the picture do stay cool . the stainless steel sides do not . the water is heated through a coupling in the center of the base and the bottom of the pot , about the size of a nickel , and does n't get in my way while pouring from the pot . the pot 's half of the coupling is receded , so the pot is stable if placed it on the counter for a few moments . 
there is no plastic where the water heats up . 
no removable spout filter . it has a series of holes to help slow the water as you pour , but i do n't see how a filter would work . i use a filtered water pitcher to provide clean water before heating it . 
about 2 1 2 gal . per side . 
it 's 110 
make sure u have the screen in front of the drain.when u ready to drain the oil . make sure power is off & the heating element is on upward position & then u can take the screen off and turn the faucet to open position 
it work very good better then the store ones . the cleaning a little hard it fryes nice and even 
3000w 
the brand name is generic brand 
i got mine fully put together . out of box so all . i really did was pull off the plastic and pluged it in 
7.75 '' w x 8.5 '' l x 4 '' d 
yes , it comes with one mug . mine worked great for 2 weeks and then just stopped . no reason for it but just would n't work . i would n't recommend it . 
it has a filter basket so it does n't need a filter ... . the filter basket is small and dome shaped so a 'pod ' filter ( the kind with coffee already in it ) might fit , but not a 'traditional ' filter.. even a smaller size . 
you can use coffee from an opened capsule but one capsule is n't enough unless you like you coffee on the weak side 
no 
no problem making cocoa , tea or other hot beverages as long as the mix bag is in the cup prior to running the water through . i found this way better than using the filter within the machine to put cocoa bag into . 
you probably have to send to the company . although , the filter that comes with it is a perminant filter . 
you receive a hot cup of coffee . my wife uses it to just brew hot water for tea . so far it has been a good purchase . 
i put two teaspoons of my coffee plus a glass of twelve ounces of water and me is perfect , clear as i like 
it 's tight enough to keep out fruit flies and odor but not air tight . 
it 's paper but it 's on very good . i got mine last summer and it is still on . 
not sure . have had mine for 3 months and it is doing fine . no smells . be sure to `` click '' the top closed to eliminate fruit flys . 
do not know , but i really like the fact that all i have to do is open my cabinet door and empty my cutting board . has worked great for us . 
you can use without the bags , but it is a whole lot easier to manage , dump and keep clean if you do use them . i 've done it both ways with all of my compost bins ( i also have smaller ceramic crock ) , and i far prefer to use the bags . 
i did not have fruit flies but the charcoal pad that was magnetically attached to the underside of the lid did not stay in place . i no longer use this item . 
i think it would be hard to find a lid big enough to cover this pan , and honestly it is not designed to be used with a cover . 
very shallow . maybe 2 -2 1 2 inches on an angle . ok for roashing or making something with a small amount of liquid . think large frying pan . not super useful but if you have a bunch of pans it is an nice addition 
yes 
40 % weight of cast iron . buy it and cook good stuff , one of the best pans in my kitcken 
about an eighth of an inch metal thickness . 
tends to concentrate the heat in the center . be mindful of getting too much heat in the center ring.. 
probably not , but i love this pan ! 
i 've only had it for a few months , but so far it has not leaked at all . 
while i have not actually tried using hand sanitizer , i ca n't imagine that it would n't work . i think that nearly any liquid would work . 
hi , deana . the height of the dispenser is 5 5 8 '' . the width is 4 1 4 '' the depth is 3 1 2 '' i hope this helps . if you have other questions , feel free to ask . chuck 
i 'm sure that if you have trouble with your grip , bumping the `` press '' button to release the soap is very easy . i 'm not sure about the ada compliance . 
hello , the inner pot has a teflon or teflon-like non-stick coating . 
hello , the inner pot is made of aluminium . 
hello , yes , indeed . 23 cups of 6oz of rice ( uncooked ) have a great day ! 
to be honest , there is a book that describes the attachments . i had a kirby many years ago , so i know how to set it up , and use the accessories . i suggest you contact the seller if you can ( it 's a 3rd party sale ) and as i recall , they were very helpful and accommodating . 
read the details of the listing carefully . the details are several different parts in the listing and make sure to scroll all the way to the bottom of the page for all of them . each listing will be different . the one i purchased came with the standard kirby hand attachments ( wand , different nozzles , blow up air attachments , tile floor head , and hand spray gun . ) mine also came with pet hair attachment . mine did not come with hardwood floor buffer like the listing stated . it did come with the shampooer . make sure you specify all attachments to be cleaned . mine all came dirty and scratched . the shampooer i got still had soap and hair in it ! 
all the kirby sold in the united states 110v need step-down to use in 220v 
yes . 
it was preshrunk : ) 
yes there are 
i honestly cant remember , but i returned it because it was not anything like the pic 
no there are not matching sheets . i found a nice pair of solid beige sheets that match pretty well . 
it is but very time consuming if you are using for brewing beer . best bet is to get a burner from home depot and a dmll propane rank if possible 
about 4 gallons to cover the probe , this kettle is intended for 5 gallon finished batches 
if you zoom to the corner they have folded back you can see a little of it ... .but it is small rose buds vine and sage green stripe.. i love mine , it washes great you wo n't be disappointed ... enjoy ! ! 
to deborah , the quilt i have is approximately 86 '' wide by 86 '' long . it 's a full queen size . it works well as a coverlete on a queen size bed and would be a nice quilt for a full size bed . dianne 
90x90 
no fabric is 100 % polyester and the fill fiber is 100 % cotton 
yes . 
i have one in each of the blue , orange , and green . all appear the same size and the lids fit on each other . i love these mugs . use them multiple times daily for tea . lids delete spills and keep my tea warmer longer . 
the base measures 4 inches in diameter . in case anyone is wondering the top of cup diameter is 4 3 4 inches . hope this helps . 
you would have to put a piece of foam or larger diameter round tube over the bottom bar . the bottom bar is a heavy wire and i do n't think that it will prevent a wrinkle . i hang mine from heavy skirt hangers . 
yes , virginia ... i have mine on wooden closet rods . they are very sturdy substantial . please note the hook is fixed , wo n't swivel ... too bad , wish they would . hope this helps . donna 
19 '' and they are very heavy duty and amazing ... 
yes , it is amazing on the edges , it 's got a little brush that comes out of the side and sucks in the dirt from the edges of your carpet and your baseboard , looks like your carpet has been shampooed after you 're done vacuuming . clearly the best vacuum i 've ever used . so powerful ! 
sue , it has two adjustments -- one for carpeting , and the other for hard floors . i 'm not sure if it would work on throw rugs ; we do n't have any here ( handicap household ) . you might want to check with corinne zeimet [ czeimet @ mysoniclean.com ] and ask your question there . sorry i ca n't help further . i love this vacuum ; it 's perfect for my needs . perhaps corinne or someone at soniclean can make a suggestion for you if this is not the best model for you . hope that helps . pat 
i do n't know , but i think so 
not my bed 
ca n't say about shag ... have n't had had shag since the '60 's . it has two settings - high and low and does great on full pile carpet and sucking up kitty litter off linoleum floors . 
i used a killawatt unit to measure my new adr30a2g . with the fan speed on low it uses 276 watts . it was also drawing 2.59 amps and after 4 hours it used 1.07 kwh . where i live that cost me around 8 cents , or 2 cents an hour , or a half a buck per day . 
yes it does , comes with its own 4 ' hose for this . 
i would check on the company ' s website or just google it . manuals are often online . 
yes it has a nice size container for catching the water with a handle for dumping . the hose is optional 
sorry i ca n't help . i have n't taken mine out of the box yet . 
there are 6 separate plastic containers . 3 fit at a time so u can make your food a day in advance . plus u can get glass tupperware similar size . i love my bag . so much keeps me eating clean 
yes it comes with a detachable shoulder strap , 4 small tupperware containers , one medium sized one and a larger deeper one . as well as two ice packs . very heavy duty the person i bought it for enjoys it very much . 
it depends on the environment . in a normal office , it has kept milk cold in the side pouch up to 8 hours . food in the containers about the same amount of time if not longer . the side pouches are susceptible to surrounding heat far more than the main compartment . in the office , i would say food would be kept cold for up to 10 hours . i would say if you are keeping it in the car all day during the summer , maximum of three hours . 
i 've thrown my pyrex glass containers in , so yes . thing is that you can only fit one ice bag in it . 
i 've never tested it that way . in a room of normal temp i would say yeah it will stay cold . it depends on how hot it is outside . keep in mind you only have the ice packs in the main food compartment , so everything in the side cups will warm faster . 
6 1 2 x 7 1 2 x 1 '' deep 
sorry for the delay . it has 2.0 amps . what a great little vacuum ! 
brush does not come out . you have to turn off power and unplug machine . then , turn manually the brush roll to sweep and comb carpet nap . brush roll should be kept clean of all debris so that it does a great job cleaning . i always give the machine a thorough cleaning after each use . 
no they do not . very efficient for the price . 
yes it does fold pretty small ; the only thing might be how close to the floor the bed frame is . the vacuum folds down flat to the floor . hope this helps . 
electrical cord is long enough for average size room , will have to use extension cord if you have larger areas . simple fix for a great little machine . 
no 
you can but if you are just trying to remove hair or strings , i just run a knife down the brush roller to cut it several times and it comes out quite easily . 
the dust and particles collect in the red canister , however hair and the fine dust clings to the outside of the white bag which has to be cleaned off . easy to care for and works very well 
my vizio is 55 inches and it fits no problem . 
i have a 60 '' plasma on it with no problems . 
no you ca n't . and to be honest it 's the cheapest peace of furniture i have ever seen . 
the drawers are pretty big . i filled one with about 50 dvds . 
no 
check the specs of the product on the website..it should be there . 
you will have to get bookends - the sides are open . it 's a really nice bookcase with a nice height between shelves . i really like mine . 
approximately 16 5 8 '' , between all shelves . 
almost 7 8 inch . 
i have mine sitting on a ceramic tile floor ... carpet may be a whole different story . it does come with hardware to attach it to the wall . i have my kitchenaid mixer on the next to lowest shelf ( 20-25lb ) and a wooden bin of bottled water and sodas on the bottom shelf . higher shelves are cookbooks and knick knacks . it is very sturdy , but , i would n't overload the upper shelves . 
the distance is about 21 '' and the sides are completely open . 
im not sure but i 'd think you could get one at khols , since they sell the setup there . 
you can locate `` standard '' gold mesh coffee filters here at amazon . they have various sizes but not sure if these standards would fit in the bella appliance . bella products do come with company registration form and if not i 'm sure staff at bella company can assist you . i did locate the bella company website that has a contact number . here is the link : http : www.bellaappliances.com beverages coffee-and-tea single-serve-coffee-makers teal-one-scoop-one-cup-coffee-maker-13782 
i 'm sorry i do not know but please let me know if you find out because i 'm going to need one very soon also thanks 
sorry i ca n't help . mine works very well 
there are different lofts high loft is pretty high , you can get it in firm or plush both are same height approx 5 1 2 inches tall . low loft is approx 3 1 2 inches tall . 
absolutely not ! they are not made for high temps like the oven ; however , they are definitely microwave friendly . 
yes they are and i use and reuse mine all the time . 
the smaller size is about 1 1 2 inches deep , the larger is about 2 1 2 inches deep . the dome of the lid adds about 1 2 inch to either . so for sandwiches you have about 2 inch or 3 inch depth . however , for spill-able items or semi-solid ... think pasta with sauce or cereal , etc ... i would consider the usable depth to be more around 1 inch for the small and 2 inch for the large . oh ... and regards to the other answers , i have used and used and eventually hubby breaks a lid or a container , but this was from a lot of use in both the microwave and dishwasher . they are not permanent dishes , but great for repeated use with the expectation that they will be tossed eventually . the biggest reason for breakage was that the lids fit tight and are not terribly easy to get off . work at each corner to open it and i would estimate durable use of about 10 to 20 times each . 
yes they are . i bought them to make meals to freeze for my son who lives on his own , works and attends college , they have been great for this . 
both the lid and base say 5 on them . 
no . i experienced some freezer burn on my veggies 
less than 2lbs for the entire set . 
it 's very large ! almost a bit too large . 
i have a full bed box spring and mattress with a down feather mattress on top that 's why i bought queen sheet . sheets never come off 
i do n't know ..the sheets are awful ... cheap ... do not bye . 
i would love to help u with that but they sent me a duvet instead of the sheets so i do n't know . i did n't return it because it was just to much trouble at that time . i hope u have better luck ! shirley 
standard size pillow cases . 
it has lasted in my fridge as long as overnight . it all depends on how low you press the disc how much air you take out ! hope this helps ! 
this price is for 1 only . 
this will not work on paper plates . 
no it one 
it was the price of it to much money for one i thought i was getting two for the price of one not just one but two 
not sure got it for my granddaughter who lives out of state 
cotton blend . 
i believe so . we have a twin trundle bed for our son that is quite long ... definitely longer than the average twin bed . it fits perfectly and there is still a bit of extra room . hope this helps . 
the max weight is 11 pounds . 
i checked the paperwork and the mira kitchen scale comes with a limited warranty covering workmanship and defects in materials for 2 years after date of purchase . 
no 
5 by 5 '' . 
5.5 inches wide by 7 inches by about 3 4 inches high 
i do n't see why not . i have used it to weigh all sorts of things , example being by husbands medication . 
it uses decimals . 
yes it does . it has both a lamp over top , and an element underneath the popcorn tray to keep the popcorn warm . it works very well , but the popcorn is rarely in the machine long enough to need warming at our place . 
i have n't measured exactly , but it will make about 6-8 cups of popped corn at a time . as far as the entire unit , we 've never filled it to capacity , but i 'm guessing it would probably hold 40 or 50 cups of popped corn in the basin area . 
standard 110 outlet . 
the perfect cappuccino cup ! cup is 4 '' in diameter , saucer is 6 '' . i use mine frequently and clean in the dishwasher . 
it 's 2-3 8 '' high and 4-1 2 ' '' from rim to rim . 
no it is not . you should not put bone china in a dishwasher . it is better to hand wash this item . 
no they did n't 
my mattress is 8 inches thick and this fitted sheet works perfect . 
i just measured it at slightly over 24 ' . this vacuum is fantastic ! 
the marin when purchased with the seb236 head has a light . should you choose to buy this from us at $ 999 we will upgrade the head to the seb236 at no charge . 
with the wand and power brush attached to the machine : 20 pounds ! 
yes , whichever of the three power brushes you choose would be powered by the power supply that runs through the hose and wand . 
it is very good . 
yes , it is $ 1049 
2 year parts & labor 7 year motor 
you can get a pod accessory that needs filters or has a build in filter that the coffee is put into , but just using the pods needs no filter.. however.. and that is a big however.. if you are using pods , you need to use the smaller mesh-bottomed pods and not the longer all plastic type.. those have a habit of leaking grounds into your cup and then you have `` chewy '' coffee.. when shopping for the pods just look at the box . there usually is a picture of the type of pod in the box.. 
hi . we have not detected a smell . if you smell something , that could be an issue with the heating element . it might be a good idea to exchange the unit . 
i do n't know . it seems pretty temperamental . it works okay if you use loose coffee , but screws up with the cups . 
this one holds 10 ounces . i do n't know what other one you are comparing it to . save some money and by a used one for $ 24.99 . even though refurbished it looks like new and works well 
no mine works great 
if you mean physical size , it 's about 11inches tall by about 9 in diameter . 
i made mead in a one gallon jug . when you get finished you get about 3 4 of a gallon of mead , due to the clearification process . 
yes the is a reusable screen in it . 
been a while , but you can use your own ground coffee on the single side as well . 
no it does not . it works with regular ground coffee and coffee pods on the single serve side . 
the hook can be turned in the other direction , burnot exactly swivel 
16 3 4 inches 
the item 's info states , `` sold in packs of 10 '' 
like the first picture , on the wooden floor with the bamboo stalks ? if so ; no , it does not . it instead is a cheap sleeping bag , not a bed , that looks madly different from the adorable picture advertisement . 
it 's not something you inflate . the cover has a u-shaped piece of memory foam inside that cushions and conforms to your neck . 
ther is a thin rubber band on back side 
as far as i know , they are the same except for the slight price difference . i have noticed that sometimes the same product can be listed more than once on amazon with similar , slight price differences ; often , both listings have the same seller ! i usually buy the one with the lowest price . 
i use a new hand towel to drape over it for my clients . the cover is removable to wash but perhaps his will work ? http : www.amazon.com earthlite-fitted-disposable-headrest-covers dp b004gg4eva ref=pd_sim_hpc_5 ? ie=utf8 & refrid=1j0tmx3t435rh0yrjn1n 
metal zipper : ) 
no . it 's a little too stiff for them . go for the one filled with beads , it will fit them better and conform to their head and neck better . 
about 17 inches 
yes . 
mine holds at least 200 lbs . with no visible strain on the chair . actually , i responded to this question in part to recommend the chairs because i 've never sat in a more comfortable folding chair . i think anyone would be pleased with this surprisingly sturdy set . 
37.5 x 18.5 x 3.5. these are great chairs ( and table ) . 
it says on the package they are ! they hold up through the dishwasher , and freeze very well . the lid is secure , & great to transport . 
4.5 '' tallx6.6 diameter base they are 1 2 gal size i think they are great , and they arrived just as promised . i will ordered from this supplier again , 
only location on the container is that of the manufacturer . it has a massachusetts address . 
about 4 oz , maybe 5 . 
i used queen size , but they 're a little loose compared to a regular mattress . 
they use boric acid as a flame retardant . it is in the product description . 
not sure . i do n't have one of those . i use it on a regular queen bed . 
made in china . do n't recommend this one . food will burn and extremely hard to clean . 
i like the ceramic pot for cheese ... the oil heat is too hot for most cheese ... you do n't want it to stick to bottom ... refer to your instructions again , i 'm not home so i can ck mine ... this is my preference ... ..pf 
yes- i have used it for both , and it works well . 
they are disposable , but when i clean them regularly using a conventional canister vacuum or shop-vac , they seem to last for many months . i did once rinse them with water and leave them to dry thoroughly , but i do n't know whether or not that was more effective than vacuuming . 
as long as you keep them clean they have lasted me 1 year or so . 
mine did n't come with the housing box ... 
no , they fit a 700 series . if amazon does n't have replacement parts for the series you have you can go to the irobot website and buy what you need . they are unfortunately more expensive , but they are in stock . 
yes it will ! 
yes , each side brush comes with a new replacement screw . i save the old one just in case , but i 've never needed it . 
17 5 8 '' wide , 11 1 2 '' deep , 31 1 4 '' tall 
17 5 8 '' wide , 11 1 2 `` deep and 31 1 4 '' tall 
two shelves plus the bottom 
press board but it 's a good cabinet . sturdy . 
the inside dimension of the top wood border is 16 '' wide by 10.75 '' in depth . 
not in this exact design . there is a darker one , model 414031 . 
no . they are not removable . 
espresso . fyi , assembly was a whiz ( says my husband who is easily frustrated with any type of assembly , but this was a breeze for him ) . that was the deciding factor for purchasing this item ; based on the reviews . 
the answer is in the specification section 18d x 48w x 29.5h inches 
5 '' from the floor to the bottom rail that holds the baskets , 17 '' to the seat and 25 '' to the arm rail . 
13.5 inches wide , 8 in high , 16.5 inches deep 
plenty . i 'm 9 mo preggo ( 150 ) and my husband is 180.. we were both sitting on it putting on our shoes . 
no 
the grain of the bamboo runs the lengths of the board . it is a good board we use it in our camper all the time . 
maybe 3 lbs . ? do n't really have a way to weigh it . hope this helps . 
maybe 1 16 to 1 8 inch deep but i use the other side . i was looking for a wood board with these dimensions and thickness and this is all i could find . that being said , i like it very much 
we have macadamia nut trees and the nutcracker makes it so much easier ! it works really well ! 
usa . i have one . bought it a year ago . my husband has cracked over 400 lb of nuts with it and it has withstood the wear and tear . 
the handle is thin but you push down on it rather than have to squeeze it . also , you could use an oven mitt to cushion it if you want . i had no issues with the handle but i do n't have arthritis in my hands . 
my husband said you could fit it to a base but you would have to drill holes as there is none on the base of cracker . 
yes , and it worked well . we got it for black walnuts , the toughest . and it cracked them . 
it should work on hickory nuts . i us mine for macadema nuts and they are very hard . this nut cracker is heavy duty . : ) 
i have never tried it on macadamia nuts but i would think so . it is adjustable . i used it for pecans , walnuts and hickory nuts . 
no they are paper pulp ... like those non-styrofoam egg cartons are made out of . they are very sturdy and great looking . 
hi ! these are pints ... 
slightly muddy , but still pretty turquoise . 
each order is ten 
it is ! please just message us with what personalization you want and your order id and we 'll add it for you . 
metal 
yes . you can age any type of alcohol in it . 
it 's about 6 inches long , 6 inches high and 4 inches wide 
depends on the barrel , but usually yes . i had to cure the last barrel for about a week with water first . 
yes it does 
i 'm not sure , but i will tell you just holding water in for a few days turned it a golden brown with a hint of oak . 
no . the lids are a light weight stainless steel . one is large for the biggest pot . the other is a one size fits all the rest of the pots . only 2 lids total . i really have n't used the lids but the pots have been great . 
7-piece set includes : 5 qt . stock pot , 10 in . diameter saut frying pan , 2 qt . sauce pan , a lid that fits all saucepans , a lid for saut frying pan stock pot , ( 1 ) removable handle and a convenient `` bungee '' storage cord . 10-piece sets include all of the same items with an additional : 3 qt . sauce pan , 1 qt . sauce pan and removable handle . 
yes , we have had no issues , love then 
if you are talking about the 2 items sitting side-by-side at the bottom of the set , they are the 2 universal detachable handles . removing them ( by pushing the red tab on top ) it allows the entire set to nest . 
no they are not . i have been using the pots on a boat with alcohol stove but also intend to use my induction plate but never got around to doing it . open flame was fine . 
yes , each of the parts is available individually at the magma web site , http : www.magmaproducts.com . there is also a colander steamer available that fits into the nested set and works quite well . 
approximately 7-3 8 '' . 
yes . the handles detach and the pots are stainless steel . 
yes , i put mine in the dishwasher regularly without any issue . this works great and super simple to make soft-boiled eggs quickly and conveniently ( without the mess of pans ) . 
you can cook up to four eggs at a time in the big boiley . i believe there is a smaller version that only cooks two . 
the yolk is enclosed in a thin membrane . if you do n't pierce the membrane before placing the cooker in the microwave , it will explode when the yolk expands as it is heated and breaks the membrane . also , the longer eggs sit in the package , the less centered the yolk will be . if you are using farm fresh eggs , piercing the yolk with the enclosed pin will be less predictable . when i use fresh eggs , i use a hat pin to pierce them just to be on the safe side . store-bought eggs are usually about three weeks old so the yolk is closer to the shell and can be easily pierced according to the directions . 
i punctured the rounded end . placed it with rounded end up and the eggs came out perfectly . 
it clicks closed - i have not had any problems with the lid popping off like my old one . i use this cooker at least 3 -4 times per week . 
little heavy but comfortable 
we are using the controller that came with blanket and it works fine . 
yes , there is . 
no 
fits a king size bed good 
you need to unplug the power to reset the controls 
the cord is not detachable and is approximately 32 inches long . 
yes 
the one we have is marked 120v , 60hz , 1300w . made in china . hope this helped . 
standard 110v . 
yes , i love the burners and the set is exactly as pictured ( 2 burners ) . 
it is black on the back . the top part is a thin black board you hammer into the wood , like bookshelves you assemble . there is also a 2 inch precut hole in that board for cords . hope that helps . i thought it was nice for the money . 
yes . but do n't waste your money . 
product dimensions : d 16 x w 31 x h 41 inches ; 50.6 pounds 
wood . it 's lovely but i ca n't use . 
if you count the door knob it goes out to 11 '' . inside storage depth is 9 1 4 '' 
badly painted , not worth what i paid for . i emailed zenith to request a small amount of paint to touch up as it looks awfull but didnt even reply to my email . i would never buy zenith again . never ! 
68 inches tall , 14 inches wide and 10 inches deep . 
it 's possible , but the finish is a laminate . 
features and details section 
69 inches 
15.4 '' 
how tall is it ? 
amazon does not give us a way to get that information during checkout . please contact us at cust_serv @ fbys.com after you place the order with the personalization details . 
yes ! this is a 4 char barrel . 
15 & 1 4 '' 
yes . you 'll need to clean the co2 connection with hot water and a washcloth afterwards . i used it to carbonate a prototype sweetened wine and it worked fine . the presence of the sugar will cause the carbonated beverage to foam like crazy once you finally remove the bottle from the pressurization rig , so perhaps put the whole rig into the refrigerator for a day before hand to minimize the eruption . re-seal the bottle promptly with the screw-on cap they provide . 
i think bath and beyond. , but you have to buy new ones , they do n't do refills . 
8-8.5 '' tall 
yes it is ! i love the straw the cleaner is very handy ! 
received 1 weight @ 10 grams and scale is accurate to .001 
yes , but only if good metrological practices are observed . 1 milligram = 0.001 grams , and that is the resolution of this scale . 
that it will do down to .001 
yes 
a milligram is 1 1000th of a gram . 
unfortunately we are unable to ship to canada through amazon . i would recommend checking at your local bed bath and beyond store , as we do sell this item to that retailer . thank you . 
not sure . probably china . . 
the hole in the lid that you drink from has a plastic piece that slides over to seal it shut . 
we bought them and threw them away as they leaked when you sipped them . junk - find something better ! 
yes . do not put in dishwasher though 
i ca n't tell you off the top of my head as i gifted these , but it was similar -- if not a bit larger -- than a standard white wine glass . 
how would i know ! 
i have an 18 '' mattress and it did not cover at all . was very disappointed . it 's pretty , but i am using it to cover my couch . 
this is actually a king size . i have a high mattress and it does hang over , kind of as pictured , but because my bed mattress is high , the bedskirt i have does show some . however , i think it would look just fine even as pictured , considering the price . 
off beige background it has maroon , green , pea green , pinks . this will go with a multitude of colors . this is a very nice quilt bedspread which i liked even more . i always order king size because i like the longer look on my bed . used them on full size now i am using them on my queen size bed that has drawers under it . love the way they fall . i hope this will help you . 
different shades of green , tan , beige , dark burgundy , golds white , etc . very multicolored . i love this quilt . very satisfied with it . 
king only 102 '' x 96 '' 
no matching curtains that i am aware of . love the quilt and shams though . i have french doors in bedroom going onto the deck so i did n't need any curtains but did n't really look for them 
the floral blocks are bordered with a tan strip . may be actually a different color than that , but you know men and colors . 
brown , tan green red and beige . it is very nice and is easy to keep clean . 
i do n't no if that is king sized . my wife bought one and she loves it . we have a queen and it is very high quality . good luck 
no , i had to myself 
yes . 
10 year warranty 
there are six parts in total . however i use my own glass instead of the beaker and i place a plastic bag in the rubish container , cutting down the pieces that need to be cleaned to four . 
i never tried ... i always cut them up . other than kale and spinach this machine works well . i suppose if the while apple fit into the opening and you do not mind the core being in your pulp it would be sting enough to push it through . vague i realize , but i hope it helps . 
hey , shirley . i have n't used it for carrots , but judging by how it take whole apples i 'd say that carrots would do just fine . 
feed tube is just under 3 '' in diameter , and can be continual feed . 
no , it is not pulp free . my work so poorly i threw it in the trash and got rid of it . 
induction ranges require steel iron cores in the pans . the description says aluminum construction so no these most likely will not work at all on an induction cooktop . ( it is unlikely that they put steel , which is a poor heat conductor , inside the aluminum which is an excellent heat conductor . ) 
in my opinion ... it is definitely a nice set and priced well below others of the same like paula dean and rachel ray..however - when we received the items the stock pot was damaged with a dent . the packaging was fine so it didnt happen during shipping . my wife has been in contact with the distributor and is not impressed with them . they wanted a picture of the damaged item , so she took one with her iphone and sent it to them . they replied with 'the picture isnt good enough , send another ' she refused and they in turn escalated the matter . whomever she spoke with next said that the picture was good enough and they would be contacting her about sending a replacement to her . that was last week - she sent another email the other day and i have yet to hear the results of that . so purchase at your own risk unfortunately . she does like the set very much but is not impressed with their customer service . 
yes 
yes , there are . 
yes 
we have a glass top stove and so far we have had no issues . i was suggest to pick up a pan and move it over to another burger instead of sliding it . we love the pans . 
9 and 11 inches 
i 'm not sure i understand the question . if you 're asking if you can put the dutch oven in the microwave the answer is no . it 's metal and ca n't go in the microwave . 
label says `` made expressly for bed bath and beyond . '' nothing about brielle -- maybe they supplied the fabric ? because label says `` filled in usa . '' label is in english and french . 
yes , these are machine washable . no bleach , machine wash cold , dry low heat , remove promptly from dryer . 
i have a twin size comforter . it is 86 inches long x 68 inches wide . 
the twin size , which i have , is 68 '' by 86 '' . 
king size 
erin , this is a california king size comforter . 
they require a minimum on 10amps for starting . in general it runs at a max of 8 amps . 
it costed me about $ 700 , but this is in the san francisco bay area where everything is expensive . $ 375 - install disconnect by electrician $ 250 - install unit by hvac technician $ 40 - outdoor wire covering ( optional ) $ 30 - mounting brackets for outdoor condenser unit 
its better to have it hard wired to breaker . i believe it draws close to 16amps . i had my electrician run a line from my breaker box to a disconnect box . note , the inside unit gets its power from the outside unit . it was super easy to install once power was to the spot i needed , 
yes they do offer some units with that option now , however you would not be able to `` add '' it to just any unit . the air handler ( wall mount unit ) is extremely compact so it would have to be designed for backup heat strips and the appropriate wiring would have to be made into the unit for the most part . that being said most of these units do extremely well as a `` heat pump '' by that i mean there operating efficiency seems to be much lower then standard split system heat pumps but if you live in a climate where it is running below average 40 degree f temps for extended periods them a heat pump without backup is a bad deal . 
no , and not needed . it draws so little current , there is no need for the 230 vac heavy power . seer and consumption are both identical whether 115 or 230v . 
unit has an auto changeover mode , that will automatically switch between heating and cooling modes as needed . however for that mode the temperature settings are controlled by the microprocessor based on popular heating and cooling comfort temperatures which can not be adjusted . if you select either of the heating or the cooling modes , then you can set the system for 85f and never have to touch again . it will restart even after a power failure with these settings . but you would need to change the mode manually between heating or cooling once a year between seasons . 
the listing has several pictures , one of them is the specks table . please see the details there . 
yes . standard plug should be on own circuit though 
great question ! it comes with the collapsible tube , and window slot and even the foam to line the window with . it 's all inclusive and amazing . second summer using it and could n't be happier ! ! ! worth every dollar ! ! ! 
1 year warranty on labor and parts 
the wooden section is 13.5 inches . with the sizers all attached with the screw on end it is almost 17 '' total length . 
hi melissa , i 'm not sure where you 're seeing the pricing of $ 308 , but at kitchen kapers , we sell it for $ 19.99 , plus s & h . 
1.25 lbs 
no , but it would probably do a great job . there is an extremely small ring that would probably be perfect for it . 
to measure the diameter or length of whatever you are rolling out ( for example , pie crusts ) 
no , not on clay . but i have seen just the rings sold on williams-sonoma website for $ 8.95 if you already have a rolling pin you like ; but they will not fit a larger rolling pin like the marble pins . 
i think you sent question to wrong person ... i was just reviewing the product . the page says : 1 16 , 1 6 , 1 4 , and 3 8-inch removable discs make it simple to roll to a desired thickness 
i do n't understand your question . 
the color i received is a dark brown . like coffee . 
hello , thank you for your question . yes , this is a queen sized headboard for a queen sizez bed . i hope this helps ! 
the headboard i received lays flat against the wall - no curvature . 
sandra ... ... .scroll down and you 'll see it 's full queen 90 '' x 90 '' . 
really well . i have washed is a few times now , on a gentle cycle and it looks as good as new ! 
yes , exactly the same fabric as the quilt . 
ivory would best describe it . or , a soft white . great quilt ! washes very well . i bought two . 
my sheets are sage green and they are perfect , but i think hunter would look nice ... 
i could not find the sheets to match this quilt but did find the same solid sage at target . 
yes . you need to snap off the top hanger and the two sides folds in flat for storage under your bed or on a hook in your closet . nice product . 
unfortunately , no . the manufacturer did not provide any covers ... 
i would say yes it adjusts to different heights and at lowest setting is still pretty tall 
china 
yes , it can automatic shut off after it boils . 
if your hands are the size of most professional basketball players , no . the opening is roughly 3.5 inches wide . hope that helps you . 
no , the element is not exposed . it has a flat stainless steel bottom 
china , i beleive . 
a sticker on the bottom says , conforms to ul std 1082 
no 
i use mine every single day and have not one problem . works great ! see if your unit has a warranty and contact manufacturer listed on manual . 
yes , there is an orange light on the bottom black rim . see photo ... oval , orange light on the front , bottom , black area 
i have owned my gtech over a year and have never had a problem with the battery ... always quick and easy to use 
hello , the airram takes 4 hours to fully charge when the battery is completely out of charge . the 4 led lights on the front of the airram indicate the amount of charge it has . while the airram is charging the led light will light up accordingly . if all 4 lights are on then the airram is fully charged . if it needs to be charged 1 blinking red light will appear . you can charge the battery while it is inside of the airram or while it is outside of the airram . it will still charge at the same rate . best regards , leo gtech customer service 
yes it seems to clean everything well , although you have to lift it up the stairs . only issue is to avoid fringes on edges of oriental rugs , it likes to get wound in them ... . 
so far so good . have lots of sand , dust and fur and have n't killed it yet . have 9 dogs that can go in or out thru doggy door and live on a farm so have lots of mud . do n't vac as often as i should so when i do it is very much in need of a good vac . like the fact that it fits in my small bedroom and no cord . 
not at all ! very powerful ! i love it ! i 'm getting a second one for the upstairs ! 
no , this is a floor model 
there is a 7inch space . i currently have 5 pairs of my son 's sneakers under there . 
17 '' wide and 18 '' high , not the other way around . 
about 6in , btw , beware , i bought this bench , got it within 2 days but it had two broke legs , called customer service , they flat told me i was lying because it was impossible for me to have received the bench that quickly as it was not showing up in their system as shipped , well after an hour of going round and round with them about the reasoning behind me calling over a broke bench if i did n't even have it yet ( they wanted a copy of the packing slip but there was none ) . anyhow a manager then arranged ups pickup ( the original person wanted me to take the 70lb bench to a ups store ) , it took 4 weeks to get a replacement which had two cracks in the wood but they were in the rear so my husband was able to glue it . i just did not want to deal with that customer service rep again . but for $ 169 i expected a bit more quality . so far it is holding up alright though . i have owned it for 6 months now . i like the inside storage place too for putting hats and gloves . hope this helps you . 
dark brown and very poorly assembled 
yes , the cushion and the bench itself are brown . 
yes , i figured paying for an all metal quality pump made more sense than the plastic junkers that break , i have 4 kids , we break everything that is n't well built , and some stuff that is . 
i am not the seller . 
it 's another color . it is an actuall mason jar lid . no way to have copper lid looks nice in my bathroom at the cabin . 
master tip set 2104-0240 includes these tips : round - 1 , 2 , 2a , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 10 , 12. star - 4b , 14 , 16 , 18 , 21 , 27 , 30 , 32 , 54 , 199 , 363. leaf - 66 , 67 , 68 , 70 , 74 , 349 , 352 , 366. ruffle - 86 , 100 , 340 , 353 , 402. petal - 59s , 101 , 102 , 103 , 104 , 125 , 150. drop flower - 2d , 107 , 109 , 129 , 131 , 224. specialty - 2b , 44 , 47 , 81 , 83 , 105 , 233. set also includes 2 metal flower nails , 2 plastic standard couplers and a tip organizer storage case . however , the set does not include any decorator bags . 
they are numbered ... actually the numbers are engraved ... 
yes , i believe it is stainless steel . i am very happy with this set . 
no 
i have n't opened it up since it is a christmas gift - but when we received it , if you open up the flap on the box it came in , there were numbers , tips , and shapes listed there . i can not answer for inside the box . 
yes it does : on the box and on every tip as well . 
yes , they will fit . 
yes it came with plastic single use piping bags . i do not remember how many though . 
no it does not have a cover that can be removed for laundering in the washing machine . the tag on the pillow reads : `` hand wash in warm water with a mild detergent , then air dry or use a warm ( not hot ) setting on a hair dryer. `` this is to prevent the fabric from getting punctured due to the beads inside . i hope this is helpful . 
it 's not heavy but feels firm and comfortable in all dimensions . 
it probably can . it does n't flatten out but it squishes around . sorry i ca n't give you more info . i gave it to my friend because it is extremely warm and did n't work for me . 
yes it is and i love this pillow drys great also 
yes it is not 
about 5.5 x5.5 inches ... very thin ... probably about 3 4 of an inch ... very pleased with mine 
it uses one lithium battery . it is about the size of a nickel and came in the unit . if you are carb counting , this scale is ideal . 
yea 
no , you just wiggle them out . i bought them because they 're almost flush with the top of the bottle and fit neatly on my refrigerator shelves . 
yes , i have used them with the 1 liter glass pelligrino bottles ( that is why i purchased them ) . be aware that if either the cork or the inside of the bottle neck is too wet they may pop out from the gas pressure . a quick wipe of the cork solves the problem and i have stored open bottles on their sides as long as the initial seal is tight . i have not yet used them with the plastic bottles as they come with a screw cap but i am sure they would be fine for that application as well . 
no unfortunately not 
no weights or snaps.. i bought comforter clips ( i think that was the name ) at another store and they work well . 
there 's very little that could be considered red , red . the color is more of what i would call raspberry . on the floral side , there are flowers are more light raspberry or could be considered a version of pink . the other flowers that are darker are closer to a red . one the striped side it 's definitely a raspberry strip . the colors in the picture online look pretty true on my screen . the actual item is just a little brighterif you 're trying to coordinate with a true red like a christmas red it wo n't work well . if you 're trying to coordinate with something more pink it would go as long as it 's not a really pale light link . i hope that helps . it 's rather difficult to describe since the range of pink to red is so broad . we really love this little quilt . we wanted something that was warm , but lightweight that we could use as a throw when we 're watching tv at night . it 's perfect . 
the background is beige . 
blues , orange , reds ... all colors are very pleasant 
it is orange not peach 
yes , it sure is . 
exact size is under product info . the size is perfect for cuddling up on the couch and it is lightweight . i have the twin size bed quilt that matches and i keep this folded at the end of the bed when not using . 
a little longer than normal . just right for a nap . 
john i really did not like that item as it was course and not soft and warm as described so i can not really help with dimensions 
yes , according to the unemployed philosopher 's guild website description , this mug is both dishwasher and microwave safe . i have several mugs from this company and we have out all of them in the microwave and dishwasher and so far they are all fine . it would be nice if that was printed on the mug itself somewhere . 
i haven ' measured , but it holds the same amount as a 12 oz . mug i have . 
no , they wrap around the mug completely . there are also two words on the inside bottom , which was a cool surprise . 
the instructions that come with it advise against using a dishwasher 
on the waterfront , gone with the wind , the wizard of oz , the godfather , the shining , taxi driver , now voyager , magnum force , casablanca , soylent green , star wars , and many more . 
brown 
basically a cover . 
really well , think you would be happy with it..we are 
yes , very easy to adjust . wing nut type screws and you just pull the frame to the size you want . 
i do n't know i have a king . sorry . 
yes you do or the mattress will fall through when you lay on it . 
not that i remember . why do n't you go to malouf 's website and look there for an answer . you might be able to email them directly . 
no , not long enough . 
no 
not other than nuts and bolts ... there are already premade holes at the head of the bedframe . 
in my experience , no ionizer can fully eliminate that kind of smoke ( i am also extremely sensitive to it ) . however , if the smoke smell is very fresh , it might help quite a bit to clear it up and prevent it from becoming permanent , although it may not fully take care of it . if you are trying to remove the odor from an item or a piece of furniture that has had long-term exposure , it will give only minor relief , although it can help a little under those circumstances . depending on what you are trying to air out , you might benefit more fully from a full-sized ionizer , although this personal unit comes in handy in areas where you need it to be very portable , and or you are unable to connect to ac power . ( i like having both , according to the needs and circumstances of the moment . ) 
not for use outdoors 
size : 2.5 in . high x 1.5 in . wide x .85 in . deep 
the warranty card that comes with it states that it is good for 90 days , if you return the card within 10 days of purchase . unfortunately this seems to be about standard on personal ionizers , which caused me to back out on the prospective purchase for several years before i finally got one . still , the lifespan in general seems to not be dependent on the warranty length . i have had personal experience with 4 or 5 of them ( due to me being the one of my friends who actually buys stuff on the internet ) , and the oldest two have seen frequent use for about a year and a half . a third was accidentally doused in water after about a year , and did not survive the encounter . ( ionizers are very moisture sensitive . ) the other two are working fine at about six months now . it does seem like i had read that the seller i bought them from on amazon ( green tech environmental or green giraffe ) would double the manufacturer 's warranty , but i can no longer find a record of that , so it might have been temporary . i have not had cause to try and cash in on a warranty , so i can not say how it would perform . 
absolutely 
no , it is a lithium battery . 
yee 
these tumblers are not designed to be stacked as their top and base are similar in diameter . hope this answers your question . 
no . but if you use one as my daughter does the bed is really high . hope this helps . 
there no gap in the middle . i 'm sure i understand your question 
hi , this bed includes the headboard , footboard and rails . the slats are also included . thank you . 
it 's for adults . 
the color is black . 
the dimensions of the shipping box for the castlecreek rocking chair , walnut finish are 51 x 8.75 x 27.5 . 
this one is 30 '' x30 '' and it comes in a mailing tube which i am using for storing it as well . it really is worth the money if you are going to be working with fondant . my 12 year old just rolls it out and starts working . she and i work with the tools and they do n't injure the surface but always use a cutting board for the actual slicing . there is a smaller version as well . 
yes , same as `` the mat '' just bigger in size . if trying to use the pro mat with smaller cakes sizes you will find the pro is too big and will hinder your ability some when covering for these small cakes . both are great products and i fully endorse them . 
yes it will . i made a double heart cake using fondarific fondant and i had no issues at all . no sticking , no tearing , this mat is amazing . just make sure you wash it first and rinse and dry it thoroughly prior to using it . hope that helps ( hth ) , god bless . 
yes it is . 
absolutely , we ship orders all around the world . the shipping price for the pro mat should be around $ 29 
i works great . before you use it the first time just season it with crisco so there is a slight film over the side you will be using ( middle-between the sheets ) . it is probably the best tool you could get if you are going to roll fondant out for cakes . i wipe it down with a paper towel after use and store it rolled in the tube it came to keep it safe . 
30 '' x 30 '' ... but my wife has not use it for pastry 
it is adjustable . it screws to the height needed . i hooked the side rails on the bed on the lower hooks so that it would be a little lower for my daughter , but the screw is easily long enough to use at the higher hooks . 
the cross arm attaches with bolts . the rails attach with hooks that slide into the head and foot boards . 
both ends have hooks so they attach to the head board and the foot board . 
hooks on these rails ( that go into front & back of bed frame ) are shallow . the stress to my antique maple headboard caused the wood to split in half , from left to right . very sad as is my grandmothers bed handmade & over 65 yrs old . 
24 inches wide and 12 inches deep 
measurements are height 6 ft. width 2 ft. depth 1 ft. hope this helps ... . 
yes . 
my daughter bought this and was able to put everything together in about half an hour . once it was up it acts and feels like a traditional box spring very sturdy . i am not sure if i answered your question but hoped this helped 
apprx 60 x 40 inches . 
i have had no problems with squeaking or anything with this foundation . mine is currently on the floor though , not on a bed frame . 
no 
definitely not . roast your turkey in a big oven pan and cover it with a cheesecloth , baste it regularly and the meat stays juicy and tender . happy thanksgiving . 
yes , it does and there are a few recipes in the booklet too . you can also go online to romertopf 's website . all the information is there . 
yes 
the meat is more steamed looking . 
there really is n't any coating , just fire glazed clay , that 's why you soak in water . 
i have never used it in a microwave 
yes , i bought this for my mother and she has an induction . it works well . pending someone else saying the pain chips , i have this kettle as does my mother and our paint has remained intact with no chips . 
i have a gas stove so i ca n't really answer your question . i can only tell you that the tea kettle is heavy duty and has a totally flat bottom . if you use heavy stainless steel cookware on your ceramic or glass cooktop surface ; i would assume this kettle will work as well . but i went online to this company 's website and got a number for you to call and ask questions : 561-353-3906. it is an excellent product . 
it is made in china like almost everything ! i do like the tea kettle because it has a flat wide bottom which heats the water fast and the color gives a burst of fresh color to my kitchen ! 
stainless steel interior . no enamel coating . 
the dimensions giving are the maximum external dimensions . internally the top and bottom are the same at 9 '' l x 5.5 '' wide . the mid section is 12.5 '' l x 9 '' w and the height is approx 7.5 '' 
your note is marked march 18th so my note now will most likely not help but it will hold up to a 11 pound chicken . 
my romertopf is perfect . the bottom is glazed . it is easy to clean . the top is unglazed so it aloud steam to move . 
yes , there is a pamphlet included . you soak top and bottom for at least 10 minutes . dish detergent and dish cloth cleaned it beautifully . 
yes , the only part that is . 
hi ... i just checked the package and the correct number is 09964. anita : ) 
yes and one has lasted me about 3 months.. 
yes , that is how they are packed . 
that is correct . one pack has 8 each . 
yes this can scratch non-stick pots . i ruined a good circulon sauce pot by holding the blender in one spot for too long . it wore away the coating . since then i always hold the blender at an angle and do my best not to press it against the bottom of the pots . 
yes , it can . i have used ice in my smoothies and this stick handles it with ease . 
cord is 5 ' 4 '' long and should be long enough for any task . 
the attachments snap on to the wand . seems secure , never had an issue . it does have a button to release . the chopper lid twists to the chopper base . again , have not had any issues . i have been very pleased with this purchase 
mostly stainless steel . it is very sturdy . 
yes . i had a green egg that i put the stone in and it works great . close to what a wood fired pizza oven . the only problem is the stone will smell like the lump charcoal . i found that i was n't a fan of that odor taste . i now use it in my oven and after a dozen are so cooking the odor has gone . be sure not to wash the stone . hope this helps . i liked the stone so well that i now have two of them . 
you can or use it on the wire grille . the stone is very sturdy . 
i 'm not sure but we went thru 3 of the thin type purchased at the mall . they all cracked due , i guess , to the high heat of our oven . this stone is a beast . i doubt it will crack . you could certainly email the company before purchasing & inquire about the warranty . they seem like a top notch company . 
it does come with one sheet of detailed instructions . this stone is pretty much industructsble 
it is made in the usa . 
no it does not . 
no , but we have n't had any issues with bags falling in . 
no ... it does not have a way to lock it . 
yes you could use generic bags but they will most likely show . i have never used generic bags though so i 'm just speculating . 
we have frozen them , put them in the dishwasher ( both top and bottom rack ) and the microwave . they are tough . 
our company does not advertise that promotion . 
yes . 
yes ... except for one more piece . if i read the description correctly for 54264 , that one has 10 pcs . this one has 11 . 
2 19oz , 3 32oz , 3 16 oz , 3 8 oz ... .love them ... bought a 2nd set recently . 
yes it can ! 
yes 
with the lid on they measure 26.5 x 15.5 x 11.5 tall . 
it is 10.8 '' high . dimensions are 26.7 '' l x 15.8 '' w x 10.8 '' h , as reported by rubbermaid . 
they are strong enough to stack at least 4 or 5 ( we have 4 stacked no problem ) . of course , `` filled with clothing '' has a wide variation of weight . but if you can easily lift the container to put it on the stack , the stack should be fine . 
yes , they 'll be fine in the attic 
yes ! i stuffed these up with encyclopedia 's ranging from 1 '' -2 '' width about 10 or 12. the way the handles latch to lock in place takes some getting use to but all in all it 's spacious . 
they come stacked when you order them , so yes , they can stack one inside the other . 
its not folded over , but its cut clean and the mesh is fine enough that it is not ragged like some others i 've had . i should mention that the tea leaves keep sneaking by the mesh somehow ... so i 'm not in love with this thing . 
thay would be problematic . just put the whole thing in freezer . freeze the top separately and when the frozen dessert is done , put in immediately cover and freeze . 
yes they will . i am very pleased with mine - i have three but would like to send for me although postage to england is not cheap . 
yes . that is actually all we have used it for , homemade ice cream . it is a wonderful little storage unit . i have purchased several more for christmas gifts this year . 
yes . it says bpa free on the packaging . 
ive hsd done in it for over a month and it still good . 
no because it has a clothe cover on it . better th order the size you need unless you do n't care about the cloth cover . it 's very comfortable . 
i believe it would fit . it 's thin . 
i was not aware of any odor at any time , not even when it first came out of the package . 
it fits on a twin bed exactly - so if the couch seat is as wide as a twin then it should be fine . 
no . it will fit the width , but not the length of twin xl mattress . it will be a few inches short . 
yes ! and quite nice . i have n't taken it off yet , but have opened it . probably some hassle involved in getting it on after you take it off . 
sorry , i have no idea . 
l47 x w65 x h30 
sure , and no problem to dry with a cloth 
hello ! please feel free to use this link : https : www.dropbox.com s 9hwx3u5hvk15pl1 keena_sk-cj033c-2.pdf if you have any other questions please contact us . thank you for your business . 
the dimensions are 34 '' x 23.7 '' and the smallest as it can get is as it is show in the picture , then you can extended on different configurations and get it bigger on different directions . 
hi sam . i 'm not sure i gave this as a gift but i think the chair is about 4x3 , its big enough to fit two kids or one adult comfortably . i do know it can withstand a 10 year old jumping on it ... 
about 150lbs but its waste of money ... . its not comfortable at all and mine got ruined in 2 mnths 
really do n't know ! ! ! ! 
if you have enough space for a regular sized recliner then this will fit 
corey ... .that 's a very good question . i had n't thought about bpa content in these disposable ice cube trays . have been trying to find info on the net about this particular product . also , after reading your question , i have examined the `` outside '' plastic bag in which these disposable bags are folded . there is no information about bpa nor is there a recycle number . what i did find is that this product is made in china . 
i just checked by filling with water - and it 's volume measures 4 fluid oz us . hope this helps 
each bottle is 4 '' tall and about 1 1 2 '' in diameter . they are about the size of a standard spice jar that you buy spices in . i do n't have any trouble with them fitting on my cabinet doors with the racks . you do have to place the racks where the bottles wo n't conflict with the shelves in your cabinet . you can adjust the bottles up and down in the clips to avoid the shelves . 
they are definitely not what i expected but they were an ok length ... .i placed mine in frames to help build length and when i hung them i had them going into a diagonal design.. 
no 
that is possible to be 12*36inch*3pcs , it will cost total $ 55 including shipping for this painting without frames and $ 115 by framed . we can also make this painting by 16*48inch*3p , it will cost total $ 80 including shipping for this painting without frames and $ 160 by framed . 
i 'm sorry i really do n't know what type of wood it is . i can tell you i ordered 2 boxes and absolutely love how they transformed my closet . out of the box i had 1-2 hangers that were n't as smooth but i just made sure not to use them for my silk items . i have had them for about 3 months now and not a single problem . overall they really are a great price and product . 
no . i believe they are just straight . 
yes , it is magnetic , so it works on induction stoves it is a top of the line cookware , still made in the usa ! highly recommend it . 
all clad ss is oven safe to 500 degrees . 
barkeeper 's 
about 9 1 2 `` 
hi ... i 'm sure you could use it to make pancakes ... it is deep ... but yes , i 'd make pancakes in it if that 's what you have . i use a long rectangle griddle to make my pancakes , but that 's because i 'm feeding a lot of people : ) 
yes ! make sure the pan is hot enough before dropping egg 
about 3 1 4 inches , its bigger than i expected and has worked wonderfully 
it is 9 inches across on the bottom . 
the milk cooler is a separate product packaged in a separate box . however , that said , many merchants are selling the giga 5 as a bundle with cup warmer and milk cooler . you need to check with the seller . the giga 5 base product ships in one box that only includes the machine , welcome pack and the 20oz stainless steel milk container . 
the jura giga 5 comes with a 2-year warranty if ordered from an authorized jura-capresso dealer . 
no . the milk cooler is a separate product packaged in a separate box . however , that said , many merchants are selling the giga 5 as a bundle with cup warmer and milk cooler . you need to check with the seller . the giga 5 base product ships in one box that only includes the machine , welcome pack and the 20oz stainless steel milk container . 
clearyl blue ... ..and if bought online check prices . i have found they can vary widely . 
mine in hong kong was with the british type . 
this is for 220v-240v . as you know , the u.s. uses 110v . if you want to use in the u.s , you have to connect the voltage transfomer from 220v to 110v . i believe you can find same model with 110v . try ... .. 
that 's absolutely fine . 
hi julia - this has a setting for sweet breads and a fast back setting that cooks in about an hour . 
looks like the pdf manual can be found here : http : www.blackanddeckerappliances.com products cookers-and-steamers bread-machines one-and-a-half-pound-bread-machine-bk1015w.aspx 
not that i could tell . 
no i do not know - there is a high gloss finish on the cup . 
jennifer , i have one of my own that i purchased somewhere else ( forget where ) and that came in three pieces . the ones i just ordered recently i have not opened , they are a gift ... ... i 'll try to find out and get back to you ... they are at my other home ... ..i 'll see if my husband can tell when he gets home ... hope i can help ... 
hi ! . i do n't have idea how many ounces but i can tell that the cup 's approximately 10cm high and 5 cm diameter . hope this helps you . 
i do n't know if there is lead in it , but i doubt it because porcelain enamel is no longer made with lead . these are so pretty that i prefer them as decorative rather than actually using them to drink out of . 
they might be but why would you risk putting something so besutiful in the macrowave 
you can . you need to add the sugar just before or after the first few kernels pop . 
yes , i use mine on a regular electric stove . it works wonderfully . 
yes it sure does . i just now tried it and it worked just fine . no problems . 
it works on my induction . 
it 's aluminum . and it still works great ! 
all waring containers fit the vitamix unless they changed something that i do n't know of 
it works on the vitamix 5200. i do not know if it works on the vitamix 4000 . 
the new one that i received is holding up great . 
yep , sure does ... . 
yes it is compatible . thanks . 
22 '' 
yes it has a light 
appears to be a rich cherry . very pretty . as advertised . 
dark brown 
yes it does . 
yes , and it is really good brand 
no it does not . it is fine furniture . 
the cabinet itself is fully assembled ; the glass shelves are packed separately and just need to be put on the supports . we love this cabinet ! 
not sure what type of wood , but it is solid , sturdy , and very nice looking . we love the dark finish . 
there is no label inside , but my best guess is taffeta ( smooth , slightly starchy , somewhat satin-like fabric ) . it does n't feel like silk , it feels synthetic but not rough or tacky on the hands . the larger panels are the same fabric but different colors and the narrow stripes are a more satin or ribbon like texture . the colors and textures combine well . hope that helps . 
i think it must be a polyester blend . it really it beautiful and i 'm sure you would love it . 
shipping is $ 4.99 per order no matter how many or few . 
a purple shirt . 
put the vacuum in front of the crunchies and pull back . they will get sucked up before the brushes can throw them all over . this is with any vacuum . this one is very good on floors too . 
hepa [ hep-uh ] is an acronym standing for `` high efficiency particulate air '' . it is usually a pleated filter and is designed , according to federal standards , to trap at least 99.97 % of airborne particles measuring 0.3 microns in diameter . 
yes , it vacuums the carpet , and it will pull the yarn right out of an old carpet it is so strong , a powerful vacuum ; also , has height adjustment to raise the roller for a bare-floor , the roller does n't stop rolling when switched to bare-floor as in some more expensive models . in all the years , it is by far the best vacuum i have owned for the money . 
yes it does . quite well . 
i have a wood paneling floor and it does a decent job but i 've noticed every now and then a piece will shoot out the back end , but overall its good . 
black & decker recommends monthly cleaning using vinegar and water . there is an auto clean cycle that takes about 45 minutes to complete . part of the mixture brews through , and then the remaining mixture is held in the coffeemaker for 30 minutes before completing the cleaning brew cycle . when finished , the machine beeps and shuts off automatically . 
first you have to make sure that the time is accurate on your coffee maker . if not , follow these steps : setting the clock 1. plug appliance into standard electrical outlet . 2. the digital clock display flashes12:00 . 3. to change the time : press hour button until the correct time appears on the display . when the time passes noon `` pm '' illuminates to let you know you are in pm time . if the `` pm '' is not illuminated it is am time . 4. press the min button to select the minutes . note : if the appliance is unplugged or power is interrupted even momentarily , the time may need to be reset . next , follow these steps to auto brew : auto brew 1. follow steps 1 through 10 under brewing coffee . 2. make sure clock has been set to correct time of day . 3. press the program ( prog ) button . 4. the digital clock will flash 12:00. note : if the coffeemaker has not been unplugged the last delayed brewing time will appear on the digital display . 5. to change the time : press hour button until the desired correct time appears on the display . press the min button to select the minutes . 6. press the auto button to activate the delayed brewing . the word auto is displayed . 7. to check the preset auto time , press prog button and hold it . once button is released , the clock time will display again . 8. if you want to change the preset auto time , press the auto button to cancel the auto function . the word auto goes off from digital display . 9. follow steps 3 through 6 under auto brew to reset time . 10. to cancel auto brew , press auto button . the word auto goes off from digital display . 
a quick google search turned up replacement carafes available from amazon , walmart , and kmart . just look for the 12 cup size . 
no 
i never kept it long enough to find out , the smell of plastic did n't go away so i had to return it . 
i really have n't ... it has lessened after several weeks , but it is still there . i used vinegar , lemon and at one point vodka ( all remedies i found on the internet ) to no avail . 
not that problem , but the carafe spills when you pour ! 
i really have no idea on that score . there may be instructions somewhere in the manual . 
no indication that i can see . 
i bought one for 19.99 in la last week . 
yes 
no . it is a stainless steel bottom . 
stainless steel inside 
the one i bought was . 
i think it 's about 2.5 inches but it looks exactly like the picture that was attached to this email . 
screw on 
dear customer , this item is only available on this color . the decorative pillows and the ottoman are white . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear yanina , the fabric of this sofa is made in italy . let me know if you have any other question . regards.. claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
yes , 113.38 '' is the complete length with the 3 seater and the lounge chaise regards ... claudia cudicini . 
when you face the sofa the lounge chase is on the right as the picture and when you are sit on it the lounge chase is on the left , all this is right hand sofa . when you face the sofa the lounge chase is on the left opposite to the picture and when you are sit on it the lounge chase is on the right , all this is left hand sofa . this applies for all our sectional sofas . regards ... claudia cudicini . 
product dimensions : 23.62 '' h x 113.38 '' w x 79.92 '' d regards ... claudia cudicini 
dear customer : product dimensions : 23.62 '' h x 113.38 '' w x 79.92 '' d please let us know if you have any other questions or concern . karen lunger home design hd 
mine fit a 1 '' thick shelf . i do n't think they will slide onto 1 1 2 '' without digging in . they work great . 
the divider itself ( once it 's on the shelf ) stands 8 inches tall and 8 inches deep ( from front to back ) so if your shelf is 12 inches deep they probably work quite well . i wanted the divide piles of clothes on a shelf that was closer to 16.5 inches deep and they did n't work as well for the deeper shelf . 
i used them on a 1 inch shelf i 'm afraid it will not work but they are great dividers 
i would say no . the bracket on the bottom is made to slide onto a wooden shelf . 
it 's pretty loose on my shelf , which is about an inch . 
my shelf is about an inch but it 's a loose fit . you might need to add tape or something to hold it . 
marilyn , sorry i ca n't answer as i bought the shelf for my daugher in law in california and left it there . i think it is about 8 inches wide deep if i remember correctly . it is just a heavy wire structure that makes a division on an existing shelf . i do remember that it was n't as deep or tall as i had hoped , so a little disappointed but it did the trick of dividing the space for storage . 
no , you must buy the frame ... and do n't forget the footboard extentions that they told me i needed 2 months after the fact ... or you have to wire tie it together ... also 1 of the metal pieces can off the footboard last week ... i only puchased it at christmas 
its a complete canopy frame . which includes ; the headboard , footboard the four tall poles that makes it a canopy . all you need is a mattress frame . it does not come with the mattress frame that your box spring would sit on . you need it to connect this with . 
no , i have it over me full bed but i think it 's actually designed for a queen . but if you do n't attach it to the bed you can put the twin under it 
approximately between 6'8 and 6'10 definitely not over 7 feet tall . 
had to find old school rails that screw on both sides 
i 'm sorry to hear about your experience . unfortunately , according to this seller 's shipping information they only offer standard continental shipping which takes about 3-5 days . thanks for submitting your question ! 
not that im aware of..i 've never smelled any odors coming from the pan unless of course u burn something on it maybe like butter or something ... but it wipes right off ... also if u go to www.woot.com they have the same set for 89 $ they are an amazon company..the pans are well built ... if u have a marshall 's or homegoods store near you u might wan na go there to look at the pans they sell seperate peices usually frying pans i bought one to test out before i open my new set . and they work great in or out of the oven . hope this answers your question . 
no . it is enamel non-stick 
yes 
yes..they have the steel plate on the bottom to prevent from warping and can be used on any cooktop including inside the oven 
this 10pc set includes : 8-inch fry pan , 10-inch fry pan , 1.5 qt . sauce pan with lid , 3 qt . sauce pan with lid , 3 qt . saute pan with lid , 6 qt . stockpot with lid . 
they should be since they are made by all-clad ... the finish doesnt rub off at all..even if it scratches it still retains its nonstick properties , all clad uses exclusive nonstick coating for emeril and their own brand..will not wear off , i actually have 2 of these pans i bought at marshalls to try before i open my new set and so far they havent even scratched or anything and i use them for everything including oven use up to 410 degrees . they are excellent pans . they are sturdy and have a heft to them but not too heavy just solid good pans..no dishwasher needed , ,just use a little warm soapy water and a sponge and wipe off and dry.. 
yes 
none . works excellent . you tighten real good with no leaks . love it . my ice tea stay nice and cold in my fridge for weeks . 
hi , the height of this item is around 12-13 inches . thank you , lily 's home customer service 
yes it is 2 gallons . i ca n't tell you what the 5.9 oz are , the description is n't included in the question . i love this jug by the way . 
hi , the country of origin for this item is china . thank you , lily 's home customer service 
yes 
if you mean lead within the glass -- i do n't know . the spigot is plastic . 
speakers are about 2 inches , sound quality is ok as they are in a pocket in the curtain to protect them from water . if you do buy one just be very carefull with the pocket zippers . let the curtain aire out for a few hours before you try and use the zippers . 
yes , three aa batteries see more info here : http : techland.time.com 2013 07 25 finally-a-shower-curtain-with-a-built-in-ipad-pouch 
5 yr limited warranty against defects . includes free repair or replacement of any part found to be defective in material or workmanship . 
it is 8 amps . sincerely , steven dealsbydave 
oreck stores carry all parts for this vacuum . however , most filters are completely washable . which one are you looking for ? 
no . i would n't buy it again to save my life . the entrance from the tube to the containers gets clogged alot . i '' m going to try to sell if for $ 20 at a garage sale . it is terrible . i honestly like the kenmore brand . 
i 'm not sure of exact weight , however , it is heavy to push . the cord is very long , which is very helpful , but adds to the weight . 
not quite sure but it is at least 8-10 feet long . 
was the vacuum discontinued ? i just clicked on the page and it is still for sale . 
according to the signature usa website & lt ; http : www.signaturetumblers.com clear clear_regular_coffee_tumbler.html & gt ; , they are microwave-safe . 
approx 4 inches high 
per the company website : lifetime guarantee rest easy , we guarantee your tumbler for a lifetime against any manufacturing defects . if your tumbler does not stay sealed , send it back for a replacement . please be advised that you will be responsible for getting the tumbler to us . we however , we will take care of all shipping costs in returning your new tumbler to you . * ( must live within the continental united states ) if some thing does go wrong with your signature tumbler , send it back and we will replace it for you . most people receive their new tumbler in about five weeks . to help you get a new tumbler we 've created a checklist of steps to follow . in a box or large envelope pack : your contact information . this helps us make sure that your tumbler gets back to the right location and a way to contact you if we have questions . we will need your : full name daytime phone number email address where we can contact you with questions . return address damaged tumbler send your tumbler and contact information to : signature usa attn : lifetime guarantee 15105 minnetonka industrial rd . suite 101 minntonka , mn 55345 
only 2 in my pack 
i 'm afraid to microwave them but do put them in the dishwasher on top rack . 
yes , they are . 
yes , i have heated coffee in mine : ) 
i would say , `` they are called `` glasses `` not `` glass `` . 
180 
do n't know for sure , but i bet they do n't have as many at the higher price to unload , this looks like a clearance sale to me if you assume the $ 170 `` before '' price is accurate . read review re : fit ! 
it is like cotton with another material ... it came flat like a sheet , and you have to put inside another conforter and close the bottons . 
yes and no . the red is bright but when you choose a blanket to put inside it try to make it a white one or you will see another color through where the white is by the boys faces . my daughter loves it ! it does cover the other blanket well and stay in place with out the blanket inside of it getting all messed up . the bottom of the duvet cover snaps to keep everything inside it . 
yes . it came with 2 pillow cases also . my daughter loved it . 
it is a full size , not a twin , not a queen , but a full . 
it does not come with fitted sheet . 
the colors is red . 
every 6 months 
i have very hard water so i end up changing the filter every 4-5 months 
b200 
yes 
it is actually recommended that you not stir meat while it is searing , only moving it when you turn it over to sear another side . at that time the lid can be removed , the meat turned , and the lid replaced . keeping the lid on the bpr600xl fast slow cooker will retain heat , keeping the bottom surface at a consistent higher temperature . 
i think it could , but you will not get much in the pot . it 's only six quarts . most canning pressure cookers are upwards of 20 quarts . 
the instructions state that the insert should not be used directly on a gas electric stovetop . the saute setting works well for this application ; just do not set the timer for an extended period of time . and , i must say this company provides the best customer service . the cooker is great and i use it several times a week . i can not say enough good things about this product . i just wish i had a good place to store this when not in use . 
the removable cooking bowl is marked with a scale in 1-cup increments to a maximum of 12-cups ( 3-quarts ) . 
no you can not set such a time 
yes 
i spoke to amazon and they said they could n't help past refunding some of the money ( which they did ) ... then i contacted the boom chair folks and they said they would send the wires ... just did this yesterday so have n't received them as yet but they seemed pretty friendly and willing to send ... the email address was rma @ lumisource.com ... .the phone number was 847-699-8988 ext.48 ... good luck . 
you would need to run a wire that the chair provides to you 
polyester 
here are the measurements -- - from larger to smaller . *** handle -- - ******************** -- - blade *** ( top and bottom of handle ) large -- top - 5 1 8 '' -- -- -- -- -- 5 '' - from bottom of handle -- -- -- - bottom - 4 1 4 '' medium - top - 4 1 2 '' -- -- -- -- 4 '' - from bottom of handle -- -- -- -- bottom - 3 3 8 '' small -- top - 4 1 2 '' -- -- -- -- -- 3 '' - from bottom of handle -- -- -- bottom - 3 3 8 '' 
the longest knife is approximately 9.5 '' long . 
yes but not for bones . 
17.25 w 12.25d 15.75 h. that is for the 1.5 liter bottles , 6 pku which is pictured 
i have not measured , however the item was too big for the corresponding box i ordered at same time that is suppose to fit . had to use the box amazon shipped for air transport , which was cumbersome and enormous . i have carried wine all over the world and this container sizes up with my 12 bottle containers . would search for smaller options such as the horizontal fiber type . 
dear corinne , i have no idea ... but go on their website and look it up , or contact them directly with your questions . 
sorry , jeffrey , i never thought about it . i live in the states and it plugged into a regular socket fixture where it has worked fine ever since . cord is not overly long btw . it does give off a lot of hot steam towards the end of its ' cycle , so you do n't want to position it under a cupboard . i have the pourer facing away from my 'above ' cabinets . i like it well enough , but it 's really not that much quicker than a regular stove top kettle . it pours cleanly and is helpful for filling hot water bottles and the like . i moved so not sure where my instruction booklet is - apologies for not answering this query properly . 
not sure sorry 
easy cast was fantastic . i used it to make several coasters . 
i measured it and to fill up the mold to the top it takes more or less 90 ml of resin , but depending on whether you want to make it thiner or thicker , you do n't have to fill up the whole mold , and you can also add objects to it , so it will take even less resin . 90 ml is about 3 oz , but that 's only if you fill it to the edges . 
it includes a wall ubs adapter , however there is no reason a car adaptor would not work for this device . the usb plug is a universal usb connection that could work with any adapter . 
does not take batteries either plug into the wall or computer . 
probably 1 4 to 1 2 '' . it fits our queen very well and snug . does n't move around when we turn over . we 're really pleased with it ! please let me know if you have any other questions ! 
the pad adds extra softness and support between your mattress and sheet , but not enough to use on the floor . 
i have not had my mattress pad long enough for it to need washing . some things i wash before i use them , but this was sealed and would be covered by a sheet and i did not wash it . however , the description said it was machine washable & dry . it is soft and comfortable , but one comment by a customer said that it had helped her backache . it is not really thick enough to make a difference , if i had a backache . but is a good buy for the money and i am happy with it . it is also very easy to put on the mattress . some pads have to be pulled and stretched to get them on . this one does not . 
i do n't know about the fan with the rechargeable batteries , but i know the 02 cool fan with the 8 batteries worked a lot better than the one with the 6 batteries . the one with the 6 batteries hardly gave a breeze and we sent it back . the one with the 8 batteries is much better . hope this helped . 
d 
zachary - sorry , but i threw out the packaging . i will type what is printed on the adapter though . `` input : 100-240v- 50 60hz 0.5a output : 12v 0.7a model : sun-1200070 '' the fan can be powered seperately by six d batteries . hope this helps . 
yes ! the ac adapter is a universal input `` switching '' model . you just need a prong adapter ( europlug and or uk type-g to nema-5 ) . specs on wall-wart : switching adapter model : sun-1200070 input:100-240v~ 50 60hz 0.05a output:12v -- - 0.7a ( positive center polarity ) i was also pleasantly surprised to find the receptacle on the fan works well with either of the two most common types of barrel plugs ... both fit and make good contact , so a couple car cig adapters i 've got laying around work just perfectly with this fan . the electronics near the plug ( presumably the voltage regulator ) gets noticeably warm during operation on wall or car power ( but not on battery power ) , but after a few hours , it seems to be staying within reason . 
if you were to velcro it down , i 'd say yes . but in general , without securing it somehow i think it would fall . 
i fill the pitcher up as full as i can and fill the tea maker full of water and leave the rest in the pitcher . i then add three family tea bags to the tea maker and brew it makes about a gallon of tea . 
thank you for your message to hammacher schlemmer . no , the basket does not allow for some water to remain . please contact me if you require additional assistance . thank you . 
the top of the pitcher is 5 '' across from side to side . to my knowledge there is not a lid to fit it . my brother had one of these and i could not wait to get mine . i just love it . it makes the best tasting tea . the best thing about it is that it comes completely apart to be cleaned and no tea sediments can build up in it . 
yes . you can use any pitcher that will fit under the spout . 
i have looked at the unit . it does not actually say made in the usa , but it does have a us patent number on it if that helps . so technically i am unsure 
no it is free and clear of bpa . 
15 inches . love mine . brew tea daily . 
there 's a little half inch foot on each corner . i 'm thinking it could be replaced with something a bit taller and handle the stress . i 'm no carpenter , but i 'd give it a go ! 
no you ca n't 
i 'm not sure of the weight capacity . they 're nice , though . 
mine was 1000 watts . 
yeah i think that it will be ok if your main focus with be oj . it will be pulpy though . but i guess you can strain it . 
110 
i do n't understand your question ... ..my plug in cord comes out the back and i just plugged it in . it 's attached to the machine . if you do n't have a plug in cord i would say your machine is faulty and i would return it 
it comes with one ? ? ? that 's what the tall black plastic cylinder is designed for based on my experience . 
i 'm not sure i understand your question , -- - if it is what i think , the answer is one ( 1 ) . 
i am not sure about it . i have n't tried any other but fruit . it is strong but not sure if strong enough for nibs . i noticed that it was hard to juice white beets , but those beets were harder than some potatoes . it did it but i had to use some force and press longer . i am not sure . good luck to you and please let us know . 
it uses only 110 120 volt ! 
no , it is a great pan though . i had purchased the paula deen 15 piece set earlier and really liked the small frying pan so i ordered the large one to add to set . i use a lid from original set when needed . easy to clean ! ! ! 
yes but not like it was made for it . the one i use doesnt sit down completely on the pan however it fits well enough to not make a mess 
i really could not tell you where these are made . but , i can say they are great skillets . they heat evenly and are easy to clean . 
no , it does not come with the stuffing tubes ; but the kitchenaid tubes will fit . 
whatever goes in must make a 90 degree turn into the spiral shaft before getting to the blade , so probably not . 
i do not know for sure ( not marked ) , it feels like it 's made from a hard plastic , it has a smooth finish . you can find wooden ones online . the grinder is great , works smoothly , no metal shavings in your food . 
it fits the standard accessory port on all kitchenaid stand mixers . 
the attachment screw comes with the actual mixer . 
instructions that came with unit say do not wash any part of it in dishwasher ... however , it completely breaks down ( comes apart ) for easy clean up and hand wash of components ... 
it fits and works perfect with my kitchenaid artisan mixer . 
to brew a regular cup of coffee , let the unit finish the first brewing cycle , you can then push the brew button again ( do not put another pod in and do not remove the original pod ) . adjust your coffee strength by how many times you press the button and let it complete each cycle ( i usually press the tall brew 3 separate times for making a pretty strong cup of coffee on the same pod ) . 
everything you need ( including the removable milk frother ) plus a free assortment ( 12 , i think ) of coffee pods - several of each - light , medium , intense , and decaf . all you will need is milk . i have been using skim with great results . 
reusable ? ? not sure what you mean . the machine , yes . i use it 2 or 3 times a day ! best thing in my kitchen . the rivo coffee packs are a one time use only . 
it only uses the specific pods , which are not like any others . to make a regular coffee you have to make an espresso and add hot water , basically make an americano . i have n't found any tea pods yet . 
the milk pitcher and frothing wand have to be cleaned after each use of the frother . i personally just rinse it out thoroughly and let it dry , or give it a run through the dishwasher when convenient . also , the drip tray pod bin has to be emptied every 8-10 pods . just dump the bin and rinse it and the drip tray . they can also be run through the dishwasher . in all , it 's more than a k-cup machine , but not at all arduous or difficult . 
regular ipad 
not sure i can answer that . if the manufacturer does not mention it , then it probably does n't . just look for cases specific to your ipad model 
according to the listing here , weight is 24.2 lbs . i 've not weighed it myself , but i can say it 's much lighter than my old vacuum and it 's pretty easy for me ( a petite female ) to carry up and down stairs . the warranty is 2 years limited , and there 's a sticker right on the back of the machine with a phone number to call for any problems . 
i have 2 golden retrievers , and 4 cats . the attachment that came with the pet version does a great job removing hair from furniture . it has no problem getting hair off the carpet . the canister does fill up quickly but so far i have saved a lot of money not buying vacuum bags . i used to have to clean the beater bar often with my old hoover . for some reason this one does n't get the hair tangled around it . 
i 'm not sure of actual weight but it is made mostly of plastic , so it is not heavy at all . 
ca n't say . i have berber carpeting and regular carpeting . works well so far . only complaint is there 's only one hose attachment so it 's limited for hard to reach areas . also to get to the belt you have to unscrew the cover of the base . 
it does go low enough to go under our futon which is the only place we have that need for it . everywhere i cant reach the extensions it came with make it easy to reach so i have been able to get in between some tight spots that we couldnt before ! hope this helps ! 
i really do n't remember it being really loud , but i also have a small hearing loss . what could be very loud to you may not be very loud to me . the only problem i had with the vacuum is that is `` broke '' after a few minutes of use . turned out the belt was stretched . now how could that happen so quickly ? i bought a different vacuum immediately . 
it would work on both the rugs and hardwoods . but it is not as light as she may need . also , depending upon how large a space she has and how much her cats shed , it may not be the one for her . ours only lasted about 18 months until it clogged up and eventually quit working . 
that would depend on the size of the chicken . the bottom is 6-1 4 x 6-1 4. the top is approx . 7-3 4 x 7-3 4. it is approx . 4 inches deep . a small chicken would probably fit . 
it does but it would be best to use a defuser . 
yes . a great product . thanks to corning for bringing them back . 
2.5 quart and probably 1 quart ( i gave them as gifts so i do not recall the exact size of the second one . corningware is almost indestructible except for the glass lids . great product . difficult to find these days . 
sorry set came in broken and i returned it 
sorry mine came in broken and i returned set 
cookware for induction ranges have to be magnetic , e.g . iron or steel . non-magnetic materials , e.g . aluminum , wo n't work . if a magnetic wo n't stick to the pan , it wo n't work . 
the diameters are as follows ; the big pan is 11 '' , the 6 quart pot and the small pan are 9.5 '' . the small pot is 6 '' . 
yes . i do it all time . 
you got three answers and none addressed your question . the respondents must be liberal democrats . i too would like to know what size frying pans . 
do n't know . we just wipe ours out with a paper towel . 
hi shelly t. attachments that are all attached to the sweeper : a long wand that fits inside the hose , a narrow crevice tool , a small brush that 's nice for lampshades , etc. , a tool that 's used to sweep furniture pillows . then there is an attachment that comes with the sweeper but does n't attach ; it is to use on carpeted steps or furniture with heavy animal hair . that 's it shelly . i hope i 've answered your question . 
insofar as i can tell , if you are talking about on unit storage - it does not . i 've a bag of stuff that is not meant to actually fit on the unit , though i wish it did ... 
i have wood and carpet and it does fine . i just use the nozzle for furniture . 
it works well on my very thick shag rug . 
this works on a standard american household voltage of 110 , 60htz 
yes ... .as long as the single expresso cup has a lip diameter that is greater than the distance of the two drain spouts . i 'd measure that distance for you except that i somehow inexplicedly lost my complete coffee grinds strainer mechanism ! 
1 ) the ec220 looks like a $ 150 machine and the ec155 looks like a $ 50 machine , 2 ) the ec220 has about 1.5 inches greater clearance than the ec155 and lets you use regular mugs , and even some tall mugs if you remove the drip tray . i have taken both machines apart and can vouch they are both the same internally . i found the ec220 for less , but i would still spend the extra $ 20 on the ec220 . that said , i would get the poemia black for $ 120 if i could go back in time . : - ) 
yes ... two spouts ... 
made in china.trust me it 's worth the money ... .enjoy ! ! ! 
i have the machine several months now and have not had that problem 
do not know to be honest except from being square but we are extremely happy to have purchased this unit . no filters , no special things to buy . there is three parts to clean minus the steamer . 
yes it does . that is the one i have and it fits perfectly . 
there is approximately 6 '' x9 '' of space for the beverage maker to fit . you 'll have to measure the kitchenaid and see what its dimensions are . 
as long as the base of the revolution is no larger than 6 '' by 9 '' it should fit . 
yes 
i 'm not sure about that model because i have the newer version of the soda stream . i 'm pretty sure it will fit most model . 
yes it fits perfectl , holds four flavored three bottles and lids bottlescon pigs this lets them be more sanitary and to be drained of the rinse water , 
yes you can get it in black , we are working on add it to the inventory , ,thank you for inquiring 
it is shiny : ) 
didn t buy the chairs 
dear gbreeze , we sell the matching white side chairs ( 4 ) for $ 475.00 at http : www.amazon.com gp product b00bqlnyj6 . 
dear wendy vereb , thank you for your inquiry . unfortunately , we do not carry cramco furniture at this time . i just went through all of our product inventory and could not find chairs to match the one 's from the virgo set . i can see why they are appealing , as they have arms . the only chairs we have that are similar are n't with the modern `` chic '' theme , but more casual with wood and arms . just in case you are interested in making separate purchases from different sellers to get the set you want , i did a little research and found the chair product number from the cramco sight : f5787-04 . i hope this helps . please let me know if you need any further assistance . thank you , irene berns in home furniture of san antonio 
hi enzo , the maximum support weight on this chair is 220 lbs . please let us know if you are looking for a chair that holds more than that , we have many options available ! thanks . 
the top of the seat hits 19 in . the arm rest go 28 in . and the top of the seat reaches about 51 in . at highest setting of the chair . 
it recline about a 45 angle give or take , but you can not lock it in place in recline position ... must say not a very good chair , i hear plastic or something make noise in the arm rest and the chair pops , squeaks and creaks 
mine was defective . first time i sat in it the back came off , and i broke 2 ribs . be careful ! 
the chair arrived broken so it does not raise or lower . it 's stuck in the lowest position of the seat . therefore , the max height on my particular chair is lower than it should be on a working model . 
i do n't know . i use them for yogurt pops and smoothy pops . i think the top of the frozen pop would be a bit big in diameter to use in a water bottle . 
yea a pain ! i soaked it and used a scrubbie . turns out that pan is very resistant to all types of cleaning products if anything sticks . i usually let the pan soak overnight . it 's my favorite pan 
no 
korea . i love the 2 frying pans.best non stick i 've ever used . 
speakers are about 2 inches , sound quality is ok as they are in a pocket in the curtain to protect them from water . if you do buy one just be very carefull with the pocket zippers . let the curtain aire out for a few hours before you try and use the zippers . 
yes , three aa batteries see more info here : http : techland.time.com 2013 07 25 finally-a-shower-curtain-with-a-built-in-ipad-pouch 
the roll is 8 inches wide by 20 feet long . 
yes , we do . we rinse them out and put them in with the regular plastic bag bin . ie . plastic bags form walmart , kmart , etc . 
not certain what you mean by `` customize '' but on my food saver machine i have 2 buttons - one button is a heat and the other button is for the vacuum function -- what you do is cut off a bit over what you want the bag size to be - say if you want a 12 inch long bag i would cut it at about 13 inches - you use only the heat button to seal one end of the cut off section and then you place the item you want to vacuum seal inside the bag you have just created then you put the other end ( still open ) in the machine and hit the vacuum button - this will vacuum out the air and then the heat button will seal the edge . after a bit of use i can just `` eye '' how much i need for the product i want to vacuum seal in the product . 
no ! not a drop , ever . the `` spout '' is somewhat square with a gripping top part that sort of pinches off the flow . no drippage . yes , it has a rubber or plastic gasket inside , and a spare is included . i love this thing . worth every penny . you get what you pay for . details ! ! ! 
i purchased this as a gift . try sur la table . they carry gaskets for jars in a variety of suzes 
about a cup . it actually holds more than that , but if you fill it past the metal cover , it drips . works great if you do n't fill it too much . you just have to refill more often . i wish they had a dispenser that was a little bigger than this one . 
appears to be china . however , it is very well made . my only complaint is the small volume it holds . but , it does not drip , and does not leak . that makes everything else unimportant . 
i find it extremely easy to clean . each time i refill it , i simply take the top off and run under warm water . the honey stickiness just rinses right off . i do n't know if this has to do with the type of honey ( i use local honey ) but my only complaint is that i wish this was bigger . love it ! 
absolutely . it easily comes on and off ... .i do it all the time to clean and add more honey . 
yes they are 18 10. i specifically bought this to prevent marks on our dinnerware . anything less than 18 8 will mark any stoneware type dinner settings . hope this helps . 
vietnam nam 
only the knives have the wmf logo . spoons are stamped with `` wmf cromargan 18 10 '' . 
my little guy sleeps with it . nor sure about side sleepers just because he only weights 50 lbs . had no issue in the past year . very comfy . 
usa 
it states on a tag which is attached to the mattress that it can be used with or without a box spring . 
the full sheets i have fit perfectly . in my opinion the bed is a regular full size . 
hello , thanks for posting . the product title states that this listing is for the back aid 10-inch mattress . based on this , the box spring is not included . thanks for your interest ! 
33.75 inches 
black shelf inside the unit . measures as stated . 
just checked . inside dimensions at the height of the brace bar are 21 '' w x 7 '' d. hope this helps . 
the panel is a plastic but still looks good 
i measure about 7.5 inches from the floor to the bottom edge of the lower brace . 
full dimension they are a product made for amazon therefore packed and shipped by amazon they come in clear no label plastic bags , and large box . just an fyi they are not very soft ended up getting something else : ) 
i read that it is in the range of 2 to 10 microns to catch dust mites and their allergens . 
yes , i would call it medium . about 8 inches or so . 
china . and still very fluffy 
yes , it works fine for this purpose . i like mine and would buy it again , and i have had a few . quality of motor and batteries seem better than others that cost more . the on-off switch is difficult if you have arthritic hands , and if you do , this is a deal breaker . if you do n't it is no big deal . 
it fits in place onto charger . no plugging necessary when put in place to charge 
the battery lasts a long time and the vacuum has a lot of suction . just hang it on the wall and plug it in . a red light goes on that is very visible . so it is constantly charging when not in use . great product , best on the market that i have found . 
there was n't information indicating a change . the foam stays put regardless , wet or dry . take it out and clean but put back to filter debris from harming motor . 
it has a charging base that can be wall mounted or table mounted . it locks in when you dock it so it does n't fall off . 
the color that looks black in the picture is a dark grey , the color that looks grey is a light blue . there are also thin curved lines that are not visible in the picture and they 're a greenish-turquoise . 
this is fabric . the only thing i do n't like is the loops are split already . hope this helps 
no 
it 's not real furry but it does have a soft fur like feel to it . not like a tshirt 
polyester % 100 
i would compare it to a very soft fleece . it washes well and remains just as soft without 'pilling ' . 
hello , the item is in stock . best regards 
yes 
no 
the shipment comes in the package size of a regular comforter size 
yes it does ! 
solid dark 
i bought this cover because our new mattress made me so hot . it did not breathe . now ... ... with this new cover , i sleep cool and comfy . it 's very soft and the material breathes great . no more night sweats . it did exactly what i wanted it to ... .i very highly recommend if you need a cooler surface to sleep on . 
it 's of a great thickness . this is the one that you want . i love it . it 's comfortable and does n't sleep hot . i am very pleased with mine . 
i actually fit it over my already existing pillow top mattress , and it could have stretched a little bit further , so it 's got lots of room . 
yes ... it is quite nice . i enjoy the raised quilty feel . it is n't super thick like a king pillow-top mattress , but for the money , well worth it . mine came with a small tear in one corner , but it has n't been an issue . again , a good value . 
i suppose it would if you bought the queen size they offer . 
yes . i have a full size washer and it fits with room to spare . 
it is brown with beige ! hope this helps 
the one i got was just brown . the duvet was excellent . but everything else that came with the set was less than ok. but i ordered it for the duvet ... so i felt that the pillows and shams were just an added premium . but i would order this duvet again . 
it is the height with the lids . 
average glass pretty thin . 
mine was an hpa100 
no , this is the hpa100 . it 's smaller . 
yes there are two diffferent filters to be replaced , depending on use . one is a hepa filter and the other is a charcoal one , looking at about $ 35.00 for filters . they can be found on amazon or other online sites.. filters should last about a year under normal use.. 
no 
it is 14 '' tall , 12 '' wide ( side to side ) , and then 7.5 '' for the next width ( front to back ) . 
to the best of my knowledge , no it does not . hopefully it will say that in the description . 
yes . i used to live with a heavy smoker and had a honeywell hepa filter system at the time . as long as you are on top of replacing filters it makes a huge difference . 
i think you can 
i all ways have to juice the pulp over again no matter what veggie to get enough . the collard green leaf stems get jammed around the augar which stops it completely . so remove the stems 
not very loud at all . i 've had two different model centrifugal juicers and a vita-mix ; all three of these were much louder than the vrt 350. i do n't own a decibel meter so i ca n't give you exact numbers , except to estimate : if on a 1-10 scale of noise a centrifugal juicer is an 7 , the omega would probably be a 3. you wo n't be disappointed with the vrt 350 . 
my refurbished one said 7 year warranty in his ad 
sometimes . ... .when fiber gets jammed in it . 
like the description states , each roll is 10 ' long . 
wiping down is ok but u must be careful cause it 's kind of thin . as far as durability goes , it 's not entirely thick . 
well , i have n't tried to remove it for good once it was applied and i kept it on for a good long time , if that 's what you mean . but , in terms of it being removed off and on while you 're trying to line it up right or what not , then i found it to be pretty good for that purpose . my prediction is that it would be easy remove down the line once you 've adhered it . it may leave some sticky film , but the adhesive that is there does n't seem to be that sticky tacky to begin with . 
are you wanting to order 2 seperate warmers ? curved 18 '' x 36 '' hw brushed nickel curved 30 '' x 36 '' hw brushed nickel 
i think that should work . i bought one and installed it with the junction box on the bottom right but there was nothing in the installation process that would make me think it could n't be done upside down . 
i have a very small bathroom 5 x 10 and it provides very little supplemental . basically this will only take the chill out of your towels and we leave it on 24 7. there 's no 5-10 min warming for us that others have stated . overall , if doing it over , i 'd have spent the money on the nicer amba 's ( ~3 times ) . 
seconds . 
the wall behind ours ( sheet rock ) does n't feel warm to the touch , so heat probably would n't be a problem . 
you have to fill the tank , preferrably with some sort of filtered water . i just fill it at my fridge . 
it is approximately 13 '' tall with a depth of 15 '' . fits easily under counter , but have to pull it out a little to open lid to install vue cup . not a big deal . love the machine ! 
nope ! that part kind if sucks but i love the machine . we order the boxes online either grin amazon or thru office max 
80oz 
yes you can only use k cups with an adapter like `` k2v-cup for keurig vue brewers . '' i use k-cups everyday in mine without problems and my neighbor has one too and does the same . vue cups are nice , but not found anywhere and not really worth buying online . check this out at staples for great pricing . 
just one . need to order quantity of 3 . 
go to utube it will show you how to take bulbs out you can tell if they are bad 
disconect the power cord from the wall.remove the back of the heater then the fan plate and you will see the three bulbs . remove the the plug and then one small screw on bulb bracket . check youtube for video 
yess the comfort a5093 rpe 1500 with 500 watt 115 vj248 bulb does work . james lawson thanks.. 
typically if you see a break in the coil this would indicate the bad one . i would recommend you replace all of them at once . 
the total height is 10.5 inches . it is 7.625 inches deep and 5.1875 inches wide . without the removable bean bin , the base stands 7.625 inches high . 
yes 
under specs it is listed only as 110 volt so i doubt it is 220 ready . 
i 've never tried anything but coffee beans . 
1 year 
hi . the height is 18 inches and is perfect for our 30 inch table . love ! the chairs . 
lucretia , thanks for your interest in eco breeze . in automatic mode eco breeze will only turn on when it is cooler outside . eco breeze also can be run manually , so you can turn it on or off whenever you want . george 
although eco breeze is designed for a double hung window ( vertical slider ) , we do have customers using it in horizontal sliders . 
yes , it is something we are looking at for follow on projects . our next project is a unit for a central air system , that will use fresh air when available and use the central air fan and filter . 
there is a manual mode , you can select the speed of the fans . however , there is always one fan exhausting air and a second one bringing fresh air from the outside . i was hesitant about the two fans as well , but the unit is well designed and the 2 fans are very effective exchanging the air in a room . 
you can leave fan during rain , i have no issues leaving it . 
not completely flat but as close as you can come without being in a bed.i was very satisfied with the purchase of this particular chair . it was for my mother when her cancer spread to her bones and a tumor pinched the nerves in her lower spine causing too much pain to be in a completley upright or completley flat position and also could not stand up without help . i hope that helps to answer your question . very satisfied with purchase ! 
my husband is 6ft 3 `` and weighs 220 pounds . his feet hang-over by about six inches . he just fits . nice chair , but i wish it was a little bigger . 
not sure but i got it for my cousin and she is very tiny . she is almost 5ft tall . but she thanks me every time we talk . that the chair is the best chair in the house . 
same questions from me ! 
250 
brown sugar 
no , only quilt 
no . it perfectly fits a twin and is beautiful . 
no but amazon sells the sheets as well for 31 dollars . my sister absolutely loved it . so glad i bought . 
no it does not 
the product does work on 220v . 
address : 220 technology drive , suite # 220 , irvine , ca 92618 telephone : 1-888-372-8990 
no , only the stuff that comes with it . 
hello , yes this device is designed to clean in the dark while you are asleep . best regards , royal blue shipping corp 
mine goes over small rugs in the bathroom and big shag rugs in the kitchen and an area rug in the sun room as well as the wall to wall carpet in the rest of the house without any trouble . 
no . it has this little pad but we decided we would do the mopping . we do n't like the idea of it spreading dirt all over because it is not washed off . 
no problem at all . i have a large rug that is almost like shag carpet . it vacuums it and does it well . i have two large furry dogs and a cat , this thing is a life saver . i used to vacuum every couple days , now i can wait a week . 
yes it does but the one i bought did n't vacuum it only swept the floor . 
dry mop 
they are about 2 inches across 
stainless steel . i 've used mine many times , and see no evidence of rust corrosion . the stainless is probably 200 grade , though this is a guess . the 200 series of stainless steel use some manganese instead of nickel and are not strongly resistant to corrosion but quite adequate for food containers pots . it is magnetic but many grades of stainless steel are . i 'm very happy with mine . sorry , great grandma , it appears to be ss to me . i prefer not to use chromium plated stuff as the chrome can crack off . there are less chrome plated steel these days because of the recent development where the chinese discovered a way to utilize nickel laterite iron ore. this is iron ore that contains about 7-10 % nickel which formerly was impossible to use . the chinese have discovered how to use it so ss has become cheaper and more utilized . chrome plated racks usually show rust at the edges , my rack shows zero rust and lacks the brightness of chrome also . it could be that some are stainless and some are chrome plated ? 
yes , just like any frying pan . 
i would think so , my pots are stainless . i have used this many times in the oven , lined with foil and it stil looks new 
yes . easily . 
no 
made in china 
yes , i used it for a thanksgiving turkey on the bar b que . although it did warp a little and i would reccomend lining it with foil , for easy cleaning . 
no . the whole top removes from the stand but the plates are not removable 
two and a half feet . 
if you have a power source or a generator , you can plug it in . this grill does not come with a car adapter 
i wish i could help you but after i received my grill i was hospitalized and while in the hospital there was a severe storm and my grill was blown off my deck i never got to use it . 
wonderful grill cook great easy to clean 
no . however you can always improvise . 
as long as it fits in the bottle it should be fine . 
i have n't noticed that when i 've used it , although i do drink tea that has very strong flavors ( spiced cinnamon , etc ) . 
no its a tea infuser ! 
they are nice and i am very satisfied . i doubt real egyptians were used in the manufacturing . the quality is as good if not better than the ones i purchased for over 300.00 when we bought our new bed . 
no , they are just regular cotten . 
china 
i do n't know , because there is not a label that states where they are made . 
microfiber 
sheet set was a gift for my daughter 
the inside cube is 12 '' x12 '' x12 '' . 
true to the picture ... .teal . 
this is the size of a small foot stool , however it is also a storage space . i can sit on it and it holds a good amount of recycled plastic grocery bags . it is a great color and is represented correctly in the picture . 
no 
not exactly sure but it easily supports my college-age daughter when she uses it to step up onto her high dorm bed . she also uses it as a seat . 
outer diameter of the lid and base is 1-3 4 '' . the body of the bottle is recessed slightly . 
my set is not marked bpa free . 
it 's going to depend on your definition of too firm . i do n't think it 's especially firm , but it 's not soft and squishy either . i got the thicker version , but you might want to go with the thin version . 
included 
the unit is 10 inches deep . the hose is partially recessed and very flexible , so another inch or 2 would be fine . 
it comes with a fitting and a short clear hose for continuous draining . you can buy an adapter at lowes or home depot that will slip into the clear hose and allow you to thread a garden hose onto it if you need to run the hose farther than the supplies hose allows . the adapter only costs a few dollars and is a slip fit on one end and a make hose bib thread on the other end . take the clear hose to the store with you to make sure you get the correct slip fit size . 
just over 5 quarts , roughly half what the unit can pull from the air in a day ... 
no . just thick soft cotton . 
hello , thank you for your question . as of today january 23 , 2014 this item is sold by a seller who will be able to assist with your inquiry regarding the sheets . here is a link to the seller 's page which will have contact information : 
i dont know but they are soft ! we have had hem for ovef 6 months now and hey are holding up fine . great for summer as they stay cool at night . 
no 
i really do n't know . what we got came with the package that we brought . i did see some offers on the same web pages . hope this helps . 
yes , the infuser actually screws into the lid so you can use it without the infuser . 
i do n't see why not although you would have to use tea bags . loose tea would get through the strainer insert since the holes are not that fine . 
about a quart . 
i think so ... i handbags everything . 
here 's what i got from filtrete : thank you for contacting 3m , the innovation company , construction & home improvement markets division . 4us-maxs-s01 = sediment , chlorine , taste & odor , microbial cysts , lead . 4us-maxl-s01 = = sediment , chlorine , taste & odor , microbial cysts , lead.select voc 's including : select herbicides , & pesticides . also equivalent to dual stage filteration . if you need any further assistance , please feel free to contact us directly at 1-800-537-9514. we are available monday through friday from 7:00 - 6:00 ct. in the event that you need to call , please mention this email so that we may access the file that has been created under your name email address . we appreciate your interest in 3m products ! regards , brenn d. 3m customer contact center construction & home improvement markets division 1-800-537-9514 www.3m.com 
you can with adapters , but the water lines that come with this filter are really small , so you wo n't get much volume or pressure . 
thank you for viewing my listing , yes the dispenser shown in box is included in the package . it 's a side dispenser to be mounted on the counter by the faucet or where you would like it to be . please contact me for any questions . thanks 
i use the 4us-maxl-f01 filter . 
no . none . do n't think too much about it , just buy it , you so n't regret it . 
faucet is chrome color 
chrome . it really looks very good . 
no . not powerful enough 
yes , but with effort . 
no , it is specific to the space bags . nice idea though ! 
no , it 's plastic . but i had no issues so far . 
1.5 liters , 6 cups , 50 ounces . 
you can order new parts through the website i believe . but honestly , i 'd just pay a little more for something more reliable . 
the one i got uses 120 v only . the instruction sheet mentions 220 v models so you may be able to order one . 
yes i believe you can . check the b & d website . there are also wholesalers online who will sell you other parts , like the blade , etc . but not all parts are replaceable . 
that i have no clue about . its worth the $ 19 i payed for it , and its still working great for me . 
i do n't know . i would n't think so . it is your typical enameled cookware . like you would find in your grandmothers kitchen . no antibacterial additives then . 
yes 
it does n't come with a lid 
yes it does . we bought it for `` nostalgic '' reasons . they are functional and `` fun '' ... 
they are made in china using 100 % bamboo . 
no , there is no coating . 
i did n't notice any of those 
there was a light colored finish on the utensils but after a trip or two through the dishwasher it was gone . use light oil to replenish moisture after putting in dishwasher . as with any wooden utensil , dishwasher usage is not preferred over hand washing because the bamboo can retain odors and the high temp dry cycle can shorten the woods lifespan . we use ours all the time and with a little care expect them to last for years . 
i gave them as a gift to my sister and unfortunately do n't recall where they were manufactured . i do know my sister and her husband love to cook with them . 
yup , tested it today . 
it washes so easily you wont need to put it in the dishwasher 
no . the handle is some sort of plastic or composite . 
contact amazon . 
it 's smooth . i 've had this pan for over a year and i absolutely love it . i also bought one for my mom and my sister and they love theirs as well . 
the outside diameter of the bottom is 19 cm , the induction ring diameter is 17 cm . if you 're trying to find a lid for it the lid size should be 26 cm . 
you can find care instructions for teflon pans here : http : www2.dupont.com teflon en_us products qanda_cookware_care.html 
i 'm not sure what the official weight limit is but i 've got all my heavy pans hanging from them . probably 15 pounds or so ? 
sorry for the delay . yes it will . 
it has a central knob on the lid . that is what i remember as i returned it because i had ordered the wrong size . 
yes this has has a lip so that the hot coals can be placed ontop . 
i do not have this information . i am waiting for a response from the manufacturer . 
hi lora , the interior is not not non-stick but it cleans up extremely easy . sandy , owner best kitchen products http : www.amazon.com fagor-america-670041770-technology-digital dp b00bjwwwmw ref=sr_1_1 ? m=a3nnj3mr0fi6ow & s=merchant-items & ie=utf8 & qid=1382497308 & sr=1-1 & keywords=fagor+670041770+dual+technology+digital+toaster+oven 
yes 
no,9x12 is okay . 
five is too big.better if you use 4 . 
mine was made in china . it is a wonderful oven and i 'm completely pleased with it . 
that is too funny . spain it is a great oven . we love it . 
yes . i ordered replacement parts directly from the fagor web site . not very expensive either . 
i did not read anywhere in the instructions that the beeper can be turned off so no i do n't think you can . however , its not as loud as some said it was and it only beeps like 5 times and then its off . 
yes it does 
it includes cutting blades for fettuccine and spaghetti . 
the opening for the dough is about 5 1 2 inches but the dough comes out a little closer to 5 inches . 
this lid measures : 10-3 8 '' in diameter 
it 's not a perfect fit by any means . size does n't match up . however , since our lid broke , this was better than nothing . it does the job even with the vent hole . i bought several different lids and this was the closest fit . 
it will but seal is not great . evaporation rate increased and basically whatever you are cooking does n't come as it did with original lid . i have tried few times and got a new crockpot . i even tried to cover the lid with kitchen towels to decrease moisture evaporation . it helped a bit . 
yes it 's oval 
cheaper to buy a new slow cooker . i bought a lid that did n't fit and it cost me more to return it . 
yes ... but it is a little looser . it does not fit like the original , but it is a good and less expensive way to keep from buying a new crock pot ... which i did n't want to do because the crock still works just fine . 
yes , you can just leave it off . we use this stand for trade shows and displays . it is great and very heavy duty . we felt it was a great value . 
it has holes to channel wires , but no clips , i used cable ties . 
technically only 2 , thin spaghetti angel hair and fettuccine . but you can also make flat sheets for lasagna or ravioli if you have a stamper or press . 
china 
the fettuccine cuts about 1 4 '' wide . the spaghetti cuts about 1 16 '' . machine has worked very well for me . hope this helps . 
no 
yes , it was packaged in a box . 
i would think so ... 
it depends on your expectations . i decided to stain it , thinking i could always paint it later if i was n't happy with it . it did n't absorb the stain perfectly evenly , but i bought it to go with an antique table which has a lot of variation in the stain color , so i am very happy . because i wanted to match an existing color , i ( with the help of my local paint store ) chose a regular oil-based stain in a fairly light color ( zar provincial ) . 
the seat cushion is unfinished . it is a light grayish , however you can clearly tell it 's meant to be the under cushion and should be covered . 
the seat cushion is 161 2 inches wide , 12 inches deep and about 1 1 2 inches high . 
very easy ... a little grey haired lady has done it . 
yes we were able to remove the cushion before staining it . 
no , it 's not difficult at all . i reupholstered mine . the seat just screws off . 
parawood is made from rubberwood 
no , but it it very easy to assemble . i am 75 years old and i had no problem . read the directions and take it slow . 
the consensus around here is a resounding yes ! ! now , everyone has a different idea of what constitutes comfortable.regarding the seating portion.they are firm , not lofty.however , i personally consider this a plus , as they are easy to rise from and i suspect will keep their shape much longer because of the firmness . the width and height are perfect , imho , and far more generous than i had expected . a great value , great looking and a stunning addition to my living room-i bought a pair , btw . hope this will be of help to you . 
the chair is actually pretty comfortable , but when i first received the chair i had issues with the legs not being even and it wobbled . i had the company send me to replacement legs i attach them and they still wobbled . i contacted the company they ended up refunding half of my money and sending me a $ 25 gift card to amazon at that point i took the chair to one of my friends who is a furniture repair person and he even out the legs for me . 
the fabric is striped . the darker stripes are a darker red and definitely not rust . the lighter stripes are gold . 
yes . the lighter ones are gold . 
13.25 '' x 9.5 '' x 7.5 '' 
the mini glo blows out more heat the the mini mate . thats basically the only difference . size is about the same . thank you and merry christmas 
my girlfriend has one and heats her living room with it ... she did not notice much increase in her electric bill . so i got one for our bedroom and did not notice any jump in our electric bill . it is also relaxing on nights or grey days when you want the 'flame ' lights on but no heat . 
no 
i did not receive one so i do n't think so 
estimated 1.33 a day 
the fan is not that forceful blowing out heat . it does however pack a punch and heats a large master bedroom without a problem at all . i have two fireplaces and they virtually hear the upstairs . my heating costs have dropped bout 20 percent since purchasing them . 
is this run on electricity or is it off a led battery 
no ! i received cloth with a 5 year olds painting on it . i spent more money to ship it back than to buy it . 
heck no ! ! ! they are super small ! ! ! i returned mine the day after i got them . 
hi , yes , trackingnr . can be provided if the package is sent from us . best regards , mode.beauties 
yes it is framed with wood on the back of the artwork . 
i put hangers on the back of them and hung them . 
no . i threw it away . so upset with myself for wasting the money without reading reviews . 
these are hard plastic ... or maybe fiberglass . very nicely made . very happy with them 
13 .5 '' 
i believe 13 '' . 
if it is a full or queen size frame , not a twin . 
i 'm pretty sure it 's made in the u.s.a . 
not really , if you use a box spring it makes it really high up , add 17 '' plus the height of your box and the height of your mattress to see if it would be to high up . 
no . 
the frame does not have plate connection for a headboard or a footboard . i purchased this platform bed for stability and free standing and it is how i currently use it for . it is serving its purpose . 
i do n't believe that you could mount it directly to a wall . we 've had 2 units for about 2 years and they work very well in a cabinet , but the frames are n't terribly strong . you could buy a shelf with support brackets , mount that to the wall and then put the spice racks on the open shelf . 
the box contains : * the spicestack 30 bottle organiser as shown in the photos * a sheet size paper instructions about cleaning , and use * a sheet of 48 labels from `` anise '' to `` vanilla bean '' to use on the drawers * a blank sheet of labels for your own use for things not covered by the pre-printed labels . 
the dimensions of the youcopia chef 's edition spice stack 30-bottle organizer measures at 12 7 8 '' w x 11 '' d x 8 3 4 '' h. i have not used any of the others . i am cautious with it because the hinge areas are made of plastic so i have a tendency to support the ( heavy spice bottle loaded ) drop down shelves with my hand when i open them . i may be being overcautious but i do n't want to risk breaking a hinge because i love the way this unit organizes my sizeable spice collection . it has made a huge improvement of being able to find my chosen spice quickly and being able to see my varied inventory to inspire new recipe creativity . 
hi judith ! square bottles fit best in the 18-bottle original spicestack in silver and the 24-bottle classic spicestack in white and silver . look for `` universal drawers '' in the product description ... this means the spicestack holds both round and square spice bottles . the other spicestacks are really designed to fit round bottles best ( although some square bottles can fit ) . i hope this helps ! lauren , owner at youcopia products inc . 
good question -- -but i do n't think so . at least i know that is does not come with hardware to install as such -- -plus the top portion does not accommodate screws or anchors for fastening nor does it provide reinforced material for drilling and or bearing weight . 
i asked my hubby and he really does not think so . sorry . it is a great product ! 
i have a few penzey 's spices -- my mom buys them for me . i have a smaller size and a larger size . if there are only 2 sizes of penzey 's spices , then yes -- they both fit . i have a jar of dried shallots ( 8oz ) in mine right now . i can stack 2 of the smaller ones in one slot as well . 
it can stand alone on the counter . 
no it has a flat back it is sort of a trapezoid shape 
a foot 
product details product dimensions : 15.8 x 31.5 x 20 inches ; 30 pounds , copied and pasted from its description . thats 15.8 '' deep , 31.5 '' wide , and 20 '' high . on the width , as you see in the pictures , its 31.5 '' at the widest and tappers to about 15 '' at the back so it can still swivel if it set close to a wall . 
it depends on the size of your television . the table is perfect for a lighter weight flat screen tv but maybe not for an older model tv that is heavier . 
yes 
do n't use it in a corner , but i would think that it would 
yes , as long as there is enough clearance from a wall . 
the entire thing swivels ... i 'm very happy with it , i 've had it 6 months now . 
as long as it 's put together well i 'd estimate it can hold 150 lbs i would n't go more than that . i have a 55 inch tv and it swivels very easy . and holds all the other items as well . good for the cost . 
yes . i bought this for my mo to store foil and plastic wrap along with zip-top storage bags . i works great . 
it fits tight on my 0.75 inch thick cabinet door . 
no ! it will only fit over a cabinet door . 
you can put about 3 windex bottle in there ... not wide at all 
not out of the box . but i did use a hacksaw to remove the arms and then mounted the basket to the wall . 
ok sorry 
another website lists this as a quart , or 32 ounces . also , it is made in either thailand or china . 
mine says `` made in china '' on the box 
this is a ceramic pot into which you pour hot water to make tea . it is not a metal pot for boiling the water on a stove of any sort . . 
almost 4 inches ( circumference ) 
as near as i can tell using a tape measure , the internal tray where the butter sits is 5.0 '' long x 2.9 '' wide x 1.5 '' deep . the corners of the tray are rounded , and the lid has about 0.4 '' clearance above the tray near the sides . i estimate the largest rectangular stick of butter that will fit , without touching anything but the bottom , is about 4.5 '' x 2.6 '' x 1.8 '' . 
i do n't think so . 
it does n't fit in mine . i had measured the holder and i thought the dish would fit , but because the lid is so tall and the door of the butter holder is angled at the top , the door wo n't close over the dish . i had only measured the depth of the holder at the bottom ; i had n't realized it needed to be just as deep at the top . 
yes ! i run ours through the dishwasher on the top rack all the time . 
i have only used 2 sticks at a time ( 8oz ) it 's a tight squeeze but it can be done . not sure about 16 oz . 
this holds a `` normal '' 1 2 pound stick of butter . this butter dish is very heavy . although it has a lid handle , it can slip out of your hand very easily if you do n't have a good grip on it . 
it comfortably holds 1 stick of butter . but if you really shove it in there , i suppose you could get a lb in . 
mine came with a little plastic cup and there are little notches on the inside of the cooker but since measurements can vary by rice , i just measure like i would in a regular pot which is 2-1 water to rice for white and a quarter cup extra water for brown ( 2 1 4 water to 1 cup brown ) 
yes , includes measuring cup and a spoon . 
of course is made in china . 
does n't matter , horrible product . the steam from the whole on top spewed sticky steam all over the counter top and onto the body of the steamer itself . i highly recommend the rival rice cooker . it 's red , smaller , and the steam just goes straight up . unless your making rice for a crowd , the rival is perfect , making about six cups ( that 's an estimate , i usually only make two cooked cups at a time ) . hope this helps . 
yes , it worked as the induction . 
yes & # 12290 ; 
no , it 's a 110-120v rice cooker . it 's work just wonderful . i used it for dinner last night . 
you can leave the wine rack out . we did n't use it for ours . it 's a great product . we replaced the wooden top with granite - it 's awesome ! 
it does not . 
you are correct . it weighs what a normal pan weighs . 
yes 
no , they are aluminum and ceramic neither of which are ferromagnetic . 
i 'm afraid i do n't know that . the pans were ja gift . 
i am sorry i can not be of help . i did not need a lid . i use it for frying . sorry i could n't help . 
yes 
length with handles 21 inches . depth of pan 3 3 4 inches ( handles and rack add about an inch ) . width 14 inches . 
has to fit on plate will not work 
this pan is very big and the rack you have enough space so the drippings are not touching food . great pan just too big for my tiny apartment stove . 
yes . i cooked a 10 pound turkey in it last week and it fit fine . it looked a little small , but as long as you take it out of the pan before you serve it , no one would know the difference . i love this pan , it 's the nicest turkey pan i 've ever owned . 
two would be enough 
i 've long since thrown away the directions . i 'd got down and measured an approximate minimum is 6 inches . it has 4 1 4 '' extensions that can be added if need be , so i 'd say 14 to 15 `` maximum extension could be possible . i really like the system , it is clean and reasonable in price . i would recommend purchasing 2 sets as each set comes with 2 cross members , with only 2 there is a fairly significant area that is not supported for a king size . my furniture came w just one set and was fortunate to find the same item on amazon . i forgot to mention they screw into the `` runners '' that the slats would normally rest on . hope this helps . 
i 'm not sure on a number but they seem pretty sturdy . my only suggestion is if you have a king size bed is to buy 2 sets , that 's what i bought..1 set would n't have given the full support needed . 
your are going to need a box spring or at the very least a piece of plywood cut to size . if you have or get a box spring you will need at least 5 slats , if you go with plywood you may need less . 
the slats are made of two pieces that telescope to adjust to the bed width . the foot supports are threaded so you can adjust the height . 
we have ours at 11.25 inches to bottom of boxspring . there are also extensions which will add another 4.5 inches if needed . 
yes . i have them screwed in to make sure they are sturdy and dont move since it ison my sons bed and he constantly jumps into his bed to get in it . 
not for me . i love my gefu spiralfix . 
i 'm not familiar w instantveg but i had to write to say how much i like this kitchen toy . i 've used many times now and never disappointed . it has a non-skid bottom which is very helpful . once you get the veggie in place , it works like a charm . the little things you have to remember about size , shape and placement are easy after a few tries . it cleans easily and gets the job done and boy do i love the spiral potatoes in my soup broths and home fries . cukes are more fun now in my salad and i 'm likely to eat more for some reason . i just really like this thing and have no idea if any other model is more or less useful . i 'm rambling ... .sorry : - ) 
yes . the slicing mechanism would just have operate with the same clockwise handle rotation using your left hand - merely applying the same pressure and holding the gefu 's handle with your right hand . 
all parts are bpa free . 
main difference is : sm-khe series has a `` slicksteel '' finish on the interior to prevent corrosion and stains , while the sm-kb series has a different type of non-stick coating on the interior that does the same thing . the sm-kb series is the newer of the two models . both models are identical in terms of size , weight , etc. , but come in a slightly different set of colors . my sm-kb48 continues to serve me well . see the following link for more info : http : www.zojirushi.com ourproducts how_and_chart comparison_pdf stainless % 20mug % 20comparison % 20chart.pdf 
it 's attached to the lid of the mug which screws off for cleaning ( and separates into 2 pieces plus a silicone ring gasket ) . with one hand you can press the button and the lid springs up and back and stays there until you close it . it wo n't flip down while you drink . i saw some reviewers complain that some of the lid latch mechanism interferes with drinking but i have not found this to be the case . i love this mug . if you want hot liquids to stay very hot for several hours , this is for you . it 's beautifully designed . my only complaint is that it has a high center of gravity . so it you have a big dog with tail that sweeps items off a coffee table ... then maybe another mug : - ) 
the mug is made in thailand forzojirushi . 
q5 . what is slicksteel finish ? a5 . zojirushi slicksteel finish is an alternative to our nonstick coating . they are non-coated on the inside and instead use an electrically charged polishing process to treat and finish the interior . the result is a corrosion resistant surface that repels foreign substances and stains , creating a smooth and ultra-clean stainless steel environment for your drinks . 
thailand 
it is more of a matte finish . the finish looks very nice and has held up to many hand washings ( almost daily ) so far . 
yes , but i would assume it has been modified already or manufactured after the recall was announced . if you do buy it , ( i recommend that you do ) , simply go to dyson recall web site , enter the serial number and they pay all costs involved to make it right . my repair was very fast . while this is a high end heater fan , i would purchase it again in a heart beat . 
the am05 motor spins 33 % faster than the amo4 . the am05 replaces the am04 . 
yes ! 
the dyson hot heater fan is suitable for both small and larger living spaces and the time it takes to heat a room can vary from room to room . this is due to a number of factors such as the size of the room , the thickness of the walls , the number of windows , the temperature outside etc . 
i believe 800 sq . feet . i have an 1100 sq ft. town house ... i 'd say it fairly moves 75 % of the air within the house . 
if you want the wattage , its 1500 
120 v 
yes you can stack them up . that 's what i did . it looks great 
yes they are . i love them for my make up and jewelrys 
yes : ) it 's just a black paper made to not sratch or dirty the inside 
made in china 
yes , they are . you should love it . 
yes 
yes i guess a little bit of comfort , it does seem a bit warmer than our last one . we got it mainly because our last one was the mattress from hell as far as trying to get it back on the bed . this one goes on with plenty of room , we love it . 
no i have not experienced any smell what so ever . 
china , of course 
dang.. made in china..:0 ( 
great 
all i can say is that i bought a queen and have it on a double and it reaches to the floor . it 's holding up very nicely . 
i no longer have the packaging but i 'm almost certain the dimensions are 108x98 . i have a standard king which is wider but shorter than a california king . california kings are longer but not as wide . also , i have a high bed with a thick pillow top mattress . the spread drapes beautifully from top to the floor . i do n't have pillow shams but the size is substantial enough that i make my bed like my grandmother did before shams . unless you have an abnormally sized bed , it will be more than enough without the need for a bed skirt . i will never go back to comforter sets . i bought a chenille spread at xmas and paid a considerable amount more and it does n't come close to the quality of this one . its weighty not what you would expect for the price . its vintage quality without the vintage price tag . i will definitely purchase more as i like to change my decor often . i do n't think you will be disappointed . i hope this helps ! 
none , bottom is smooth stainless steel 
i remember it being somewhat relative and representative to the water inside of it . if boiling , it was extremely hot on the outside . if it was luke warm , it was comfortable to touch . 
it is kind of noisy , yes . not incredibly disruptive , but definitely louder than boiling water on the stove . 
nope - electric . the base plugs in to an outlet and the kettle itself can be removed from the base unit once the water has been heated . hope that helps ! 
dimensions : 19.9 inches high x 8.6 inches long x 23.6 inches wide there is only one size for real flame.. so if you have a real flame fireplace mantel of any kind this will fit- i replaced my gel can insert with the electric- i love it ! ! ! 
rating : 120v , 60hz ; classment : 1400w 
i did not use a tape measure , but i estimate it to be 5 ft. long . i hope this helps . 
there is a vent on the top of the unit that the instructions implicitly say to not cover , so i 'm guessing it would not be a good idea to enclose it entirely . 
i do n't have that issue with mine but check to make sure it is level 
yes it does . 
according to the directions on bottle there are approx 26 uses per bottle . extreme stains on bowl will take up to an ounce of product . 
yes with no problem 
yep . that 's what i paid , and that is what i got - a case of 12 . 
definately not yellow tint . just look at an eggshell and that would be pretty close . 
no , but i have n't had an issue with any shifting . 
no it will not . i looked up the measurements online before ordering because i had the same question myself . this duvet cover is for standard size king only . hope that helps ! 
no . but , surprisingly it stays in place quite well ! ! 
the standard size is 25 '' x 16 '' , the queen is 29 '' x 16 '' , and the king is 35 '' x 16 '' . all of them are about 6 '' high . 
the gel is only one side of the pillow . the other side is the dense foam the pillow is made of . 
lol ... been asked so many questions about this pillow , and yours would seem so easy , but it 's actually hardest . do n't have proper scale for an exact weight . so , after comparisons i made , i will say about 4 pounds ... .dense 4 pounds , though . do n't think that its hard on your head though . i stand by every word i said in my review months ago . use it every night and it is still in perfect condition . i wish i could be of more help . i have never had a better , more comfortable pillow , in my life . good luck ! 
unfortunately china ... ..did not buy received as a gift 
i have not figured that out yet . same with me one came in place and i am afraid to try and remove it . sorry 
yes , it should work satisfactorily with almond milk , but some brands of milk froth better than others . 
the one i received is 120 v and amazon says it can only be shipped in the u.s. so my guess would be ... no . 
do n't know exact temperature ! its nicely hot ! 
i actually returned this item and bought the capresso 
the door seems pretty heavy - but mice certainly are smart rodents so where there is a will - there is a way ... honestly , i stop that thought from having me purchase this product - it really is a great toaster - have n't gotten burned and i can see the food cooking . it comes with a silver tray as well to keep it clean . 
looking in the front , the cord is in the right.. 
good morning ! actually the width of the appliance is 15 inches at the widest point . the width of the cooking space is 10 1 2 inches . the oven has 2 levels and it has a rack and a tray ! hope this helps 
yes it does . 
i actually got out my tape measure and measured it after seeing all the different answers as to the length . from the back of the toaster oven to the end of the plastic part of the plug is exactly 34 inches . 
two . there is one on the top and one on the bottom . 
found out from the hamilton beach website that it is 1200w 
via tape measurer : 15 3 4 '' wide 11 1 2 '' deep ( including 1 '' handle ) 9 1 4 '' tall ( when closed ) 10 1 4 '' tall ( when opened , including handle ) 
9 '' when the door is closed . 10 '' when the door is rolled back . 
the product dimensions are 14.5 x 12 x 6.5 inches 
the blade is recessed so that would not scratch a smooth surface . however , the outer metal circle does vibrate a bit and sounds like it is scratching the pot while it is on , if i let it hit the bottom of the pot . it 's not necessary to touch the bottom of the pot and i 've used it on non-stick surfaces and have n't had a problem , but have n't inspected closely . 
yes , limited three-warranty 
i am sorry i am not a coffee drinker so i have not tried it but according to cuisinart 's instruction booklet it is perfect for frothing milk for lattes . 
mashing potatoes is easy with this . i also often puree cauliflower with this . 
the whole bottom half is stainless steel . 
yes it works on mine . it also works better than any other i 've tried . 
i believe that it will as all keurigs ( apart from the 2.0 ) have the same sized hole when the black k-cup piercer is removed . 
i do n't know if this item works on the product you mentioned . you are asking about a different brand coffee maker . the filter you are asking about is made specifically by keurig for their coffee maker . have you checked to see if breville makes this type of product for their coffee maker ? 
yes , the basket is provided . 
i 'm sorry but i do n't know . i have a keurig -- never had a mr. coffee . 
i doubt that - because this product only holds filter cups as you can see . try an alternate method of disposable filter cups from the amazon web site - good luck ! 
sorry do n't know 
you do n't need them 
i apologize for the delay but i bought 2 full size beds for the deep pillow top mattresses and there is no gap . they fit perfect . .. no box spring needed and the bed was really easy to put together with 2 people ! 
about 10.5 '' as i measured 
metal support beams 
yes ... .it comes exactly as puctured . 
yes ... .. i have a beauty rest recharge mattress on mine ... . its 13 inches i love this bed ... you wo n't be disappointed . i have received so many compliments 
i had to contact the seller because it was not in with the rest of the order . they were really nice about it and fast response . 
it 's the normal king size . i believe 84x72 . fits my california king perfectly 
red 
it is made of a light-weight cotton material . alot like the old-time sheets were made of percale . 
the ones i got from foodvacbags were 2 rolls 50 ' each . the ones sold by eriver came in at 15 ' each although they were labeled 50 ' each . watch your sellers carefully ! tried to note this in my review but amazon does not allow . 
works with the `` seal a meal '' sealer from walmart also . 
like the food saver rolls , they are textured on one side and smooth on the other side . it is a clear plastic . 
yes , i put the roll behind my foodsaver and pull it thru the cutter . it is to large to fit into the unit . i will cut the bags to size and seal 1 end 
i do n't recall seeing a warranty but there might be one . check out their website at www.miraclefold.com . however , after going back and reading the reviews some people complained that the folder broke along the seam . to make sure this does not happen to me i reinforced all my seams . on the inside and outside of the folder i lined each folding seam with a neat strip of ( white ) duct tape . it will make each seam extra sturdy and in no way hinders the folding process . i think it will last for many , many years . 
if you use a `` command '' strip by 3m then it comes off easily 
yes . google some you tube videos , and you will see how it works . 
9 1 2 to 3 4 inches . but that also depends on how thick . sweatshirts will poof out a bit . 
yes 
i wish ! i am challenged when it comes to folding fitted sheets ! unfortunately this nifty tool is not really designed for that . 
yes , that is true . just pictures no words . i finally figured it out . definitely not worth the purchase price ! ! 
no ma'am and the one i purchased fell apart after a week . hope this helps . 
leave the ends on the zucchini and put on . gently turn next to plate or hold vertically over pan and turn . 
this machine comes with one blade that is always on it and another comb shape that you use to make the ribbon like shavings . the blade that is always on makes one continuous spiral . my personal feeling is that i regret getting this machine . if you have a food processor with a shredding attachment it works much better and faster . i garden and none of my zucchinis ' can fit in it . so purchase a food processor because it has way more uses than this one machine . that is my opinion anyway . 
it does . saut your zucchini with pesto for about 6 minutes and done ! 
well , it 's 9 '' x 23.5 '' , so 9 '' at its widest ( top of shirt ) , and 23.5 divided by 2 , 11.75 long , given hinges , i 'd say 8 by a little over 11 '' . ca n't be more specific , but as i 'm about to order and had the same question and had already done the math , i thought i 'd share . when i get it , if answer is different , i will amend this answer . 
i have had the flip & fold for about eight years now . i fold everything with it except beach towels . on my regular towels i fold them in half and lay them on the board and they fold evenly . on my husbands pants when he travels i lay the pants across the board fold over the leg to the middle then flip and fold the rest.i can pack a week of business clothes and underwear tee-shirts in a carry on using the flip & fold . bought one for my son for college and he actually use it because of limited space . our neighbor had a couple of junior ones because she has three small children and the kids like to fold also . i think it is one of the best products on the market and mine has not worn out after all this time . 
i used super glue and let it sit for a couple of days . we ended up buying another one because they only last so long 
i do not know if there is a difference between the 2 colors however i have the orange one and i love it ! ! and if i ever did something to damage it i would purchase it again . 
i did not see a warranty in the box , bit i do not know for sure 
yes ... you just ensure the collar is folded as you want it . it folds clothes that look a true miracle ! 
kind of a deep royal 
this product coms whit samsung warranty 
yes , it can ! the long handles is kind of annoying , as it telescopes out very easily . 
the vacuum worked great for pet hair on rugs and carpet but is too large to use on furniture . the attachment ( turbo brush ) is worthless . 
no , the button is like a locking mechanism that expands the seal to create the air tight sealing . 
small h-4 '' w-5 '' d-3 '' , medium h-6 '' w-5.75 '' d-3.625 '' , large h-6.75 '' w-6.5 '' d-4.25 '' . add 1 2 inch to the top of each for the vacuum seal top . 
mine were broken when i got them so i sent them right back . they did look to be stackable though . 
hi there -- i would love to sell you one but ca n't do it . the glasses are packed together in a set created by the manufacturer . moreover , i shipped all of my sets to amazon when i first got the glasses about 2 months ago . so there is no practical way for me or anyone amazon fulfillment center associate to open up an existing set , repackage all 4 glasses as individual items , purchase a new distinct upc code for the sale of an individual glass , create a new amazon listing for an individual glass , and then send one to you while putting the other 3 back in the warehouse . i hope you understand and wish good luck in finding the single glass you are hoping for . tim forde owner brickstreet 
i 'm not sure the glasses do n't say and i do n't have the box sorry 
they were a gift so i do n't have them anymore but big enough for most or all of a 12 oz can . 
no need of adapter . it comes with the plug which fits in us sockets and it is very good mixer , cant compare with any other brand or model . i am loving it . i gave 5 star rating . 
i wo n't recommend this one from my experience . this model is not worth for the money you pay . try to find a different model 
yes . it works fine . 
yes , u get 2 pillow cases . 
i am not the seller but i bought king size which came with 2 king size pillowcases . i believe for twin size only it will come with 1 standard pillowcase . 
29 1 2 '' from floor to the bottom . the panel is another 1 2 '' , so it 's a total 30 '' to the surface . 
27 3 4 inches 
no its designed to be on the right unless you want to be creative and make some holes in it 
i 'm sure it could . there are weight restrictions for certain parts of the desk . so a lot would depend on the size and weight of the tv . 
no ! oh good heavens , no , especially not the middle . i tempt the gods of every religion , including ones that have n't been thought of yet , by merely having my monitor and many sundry small items on it on a regular basis . a person who knows nothing about woodworking could probably get completely high , like denver , colorado high , chug a fifth of good whiskey , eat a large amount of magic mushrooms , and then bash themselves in the face with a hot iron until they actually saw not just stars and birds and pink elephants and dancing mushrooms ... and they would still put together a more sturdy desk than this thing . it 's good for nothing , do not do it ! 
i do n't understand what 'tearing issues ' you are talking about . i 've used the greek yogurt maker for close to a year , now , and mine is still in perfect condition , like new out of the box . i use a soft spatula to removed the drained yogurt into the storage containers i use , and i never wash it in hot water , since it is n't necessary - i use cold to lukewarm water right out of the tap and the dish-washing rinse hose next to the sink spigot to rinse the all the remaining yogurt residue out of the screens . i let it air dry in the dish rack next to the sink . my guess is that hot water is what 's causing you the issues . also , hilda smucker , below ... no no , never use a dishwasher on something this delicate ... a dishwasher heats the water super hot inside the machine , and that can destroy plastic such as this . we do n't even put our revereware saucepans in the dishwasher for that very reason - glass , metal and ceramics only , never plastic in a dishwasher . just use your sink sprayer hose or a spraying spigot attachment at your kitchen sink , if that 's how you 're set up , and use cold water , or slightly warm , to spray the mesh screens clean . i expect to get many years of use from this wonderful appliance . 
the mesh is not metal . it is super fine , but i do n't know if it 's a fabric like nylon or some kind of plastic . check out my sunny 's mom review on how i care for it . i love it -- -use it all the time and it works great . 
this strainer is not made for liquids , its not fine enough and it has bigger holes in the middle plastic cylinder , unless nut milk is thick like joghurt it will not work . 
yes ... and no more ! it works wonderfully ! 
have not put in dishwasher , but the fabric seems fragile . i love the product though , and just run water through the mesh immediately after use - no scrubbing ! 
i think it will depend on how thick your non-dairy yogurt is . i made a batch of yogurt where i think i accidentally killed a lot of the bacteria , so it was very thin ; everything drained right through this mesh . but when i have successfully made yogurt this strains just the whey quite well . 
mine are disposable . one co2 thing lasts me a whole pint of whipped cream . i love mine . 
one pint plus a little flavoring are all you need . 
yes ! 
the primary handle can be used without protection . the 'helper ' handle can not . 
it 's heavy . but super . if you really want to use it everyday , get the largest size . im still mad i got the 10 inch . great pan . read how to use it properly 
mine was marked as manufactured in france . 
rim to rim , cook surface is closer to 8 '' . it 's a great pan btw ! 
bill , no . wood or plastic . this pan though , especially as it get seasoned , is super ! 
you can order a glass lid from lecreuset.com i had several other lids that fit my frypan 
yes the timer ticks and dings & turns off when done 
i am not sure if it is a newer model . however , i originally ordered the tob 80 and found it to be too small for my purposes . the dimensions stated in the description were not accurate . i then bought the tob 40 , and i like it very much . 
very easily . love this toaster 
no , it will hold a 9x9 , if it does n't have handles , but i would not use it . the heat would not circulate properly . 
one.. not really a good price for one.. 
you get 1 smoke per . 
i do n't really know , sorry ! 
you trigger it by the ring on the top which you pull to the side . 
one 
approx . a minute and a half . 
it is probably sturdy enough to , the sides of the tv will overhang the sides of the shelf . we have a 50 '' on it no problem . you can also remove one of the shelf layers to make it shorter and more stable . 
we have a 46 inch on the stand and it works perfectly 
http : www.go-accsense.com index.php 
yes 
yes 
they are injection molded plastic . 
i believe they are top rack only ? 
the are a hard plastic . exactly like the cups used at country buffet or the like . 
yes it can . it 's shipped folded and has a brace that opens up to hold it rigid . reverse the process and it will fold flat . 
yes it is inches . 
i do n't know . i never got to use it because i got a dirty unusable coconut scrapper . i just threw it away because it was n't even worthy to go thru the hassle of trying to send it back . sorry . 
3.5cm 
yes . 
yes , if bought from someone other than amazon . 
i guess you can , but the shape is not made for it . you put the coconut around the scraper , not sure how you want to do that with a potato : ) 
no , it is a mechanical scrapper & does n't need any ac dc power to operate it . 
sue : my table is all the same color . 
either the long portion of the legs or the short portion has the screw , the other end has the socket , and you screw the two together with the shelf in between . 
i am not sure if it had a weight rating , but i imagine it would safely hold up to 50lbs . the flat screen should be just fine . 
yes . it works great no sticking . 
16 inches 
no . 
the dimensions are 47w x 11d x 31h . its a simple piece , but i really like it . 
i would guess you would not be happy at best . they should make one for these . the bottle is taller , so at best it would stop pumping when the bottle was only half empty . i have never purchased the natural flavors , but if you have one of each , check to see if the cap will fit on the other bottle . if not , they wo n't work at all . if they do fit , the only problem is the length of the pickup tube . 
i use mine in the 500ml bottles . i do n't think i 've seen the 750ml bottle but if the height and bottle top are the same size ( meaning the bottle is just wider ) then i assume it would work for the 750ml as well . 
the 2 top sections are 200ml each . the bottom section is 750 ml . 
yes . 
it does not hold liquids . a thick stew would probably be ok , but soup would leak out . i 've asked bento to design one with a better seal . 
the bottom container is 2 inches deep . the usable space inside is just under 7 inches long by just over 4 inches wide . the top 2 section compartment is 1 inch deep and the compartments are about 3 inches by 4 inches . i hope this helps . 
i have not had spaghetti in my bentgo yet . it has had fish and tomatoes and oil and so far no stains . it really is an awesome product . 
54 '' long 
no , the window curtain alone is $ 22 . 
i thought i purchased the stone bronze shower curtain . can i return it ? 
each piece is sold separately , you can choose whichever pieces you want . each piece is priced separately 
each piece is sold separately , you can choose whichever pieces you want . each piece is priced separately 
each piece is sold separately , you can choose whichever pieces you want . each piece is priced separately 
each piece is sold separately , you can choose whichever pieces you want . each piece is priced separately 
21.5 inches 
just the frame . 
yes , our bed just arrived last week and our eastern king mattress fits it perfectly . this bed is even more beautiful in person . we are very happy with this purchase and the price . 
yes -- i can still can not say enough about this bed . it is awesome ! 
yes 
yes 
i think you would need a king boxspring . otherwise there would be not support in the middle to hold up the twin boxspring . sincerely , russell west wrest furnishings 
thanks for your interest in the trieste bed . the color pictured should be very close to the actual color . this model also comes in a darker chocolate . if you look at this link http : www.hillsdalefurniture.com main product searchwithpaging ? searchfor=trieste & pageindex=1 & resultsperpage=12 it is hillsdale 's website with some additional photos of the triest in buckwheat . sincerely russell west west furnishings 
i asked this question to nespresso customer service because i also wanted to know the difference . their response is as follows : `` i understand you would like to know the difference between the citiz 121 and the citiz 120 machines . either machine will provide the same intuitive features , seamless performance and an equally perfect espresso . the differences between the machines are purely aesthetic and are noted below : the spout c-range machines have a wider , flatter spout with a modern touch d-range machines have a narrow spout with a retro motif the chrome plated drip grid & cup shelf c-range features dotted grids d-range features slotted grids button position c-range buttons are located behind the coffee lever d-range buttons are located on the sides of the coffee lever side panels c-range has a horizontal notch on the side of the machine d-range does not available colors c-range comes in titanium , aluminum and fire engine red d-range comes in classic white , limousine black , and silver watch our aeroccino instructional video to see some additional features . 
espresso is coffee only whereas a cappuccino has frothed milk in it . a more complete definition is ... espresso is generally thicker than coffee brewed by other methods , has a higher concentration of suspended and dissolved solids , and has crema on top ( literally cream , a creamy foam on the surface of the coffee ) . as a result of the pressurized brewing process the flavors and chemicals in a typical cup of espresso are very concentrated . espresso is the base for other drinks , such as a caff latte , cappuccino , caff macchiato , cafe mocha , or caff americano . espresso has more caffeine per unit volume than most beverages , but the usual serving size is smaller-a typical 60 ml ( 2 us fluid ounces ) of espresso has 80 to 150 mg of caffeine , a little less than the 95 to 200 mg of a standard 240 ml ( 8 us fluid ounces ) cup of drip-brewed coffee . [ 
it comes with one of each flavor , about 13 . 
yes it only works with capsules , the frother is attached but separate from the expresso part . they have to be done separately , but is very quick . 
no more noise than a normal coffee maker . 
super easy cleanup . rinse off . the best machine ever . buy it . without reservation . just buy it you 'll love it 
yes , there is , underneath the grid on the milk frother . 
the nespresso is strictly for making espresso . however , if you like lattes or cappuccinos then this machine will make the perfect cup . kureig pods wo n't fit this machine . 
i would say no . it fits a pretty deep mattress but that is the deepest i ever heard . perhaps a 15 inch is more like it . 
i believe standard , but dim is 3ft by 1.5ft . 
i dont think any , they are microfibre , 
these sheets are soft and warm but on the tag it says 100 % polyester not cotton so the description that the seller gives is very misleading 
full size sheets fits . i have memory foam as well . 
good question . i 'assume ' thread count just refers to the number of individual treads packed into a given space regardless of what they are made of . that being said , in my experience it has only been applied to fine cotton products . therefore , it is misleading . i donated these to a charity . they were good polyester sheets . but i wanted cotton . 
these are made in china . 
yes , very deep . we have a pillow top twin and it is not tight at all . also , it has an elastic at each corner to help keep the fitted sheet on . 
i 'm not aware , because i have had sheets with a very high count that were so wrinkled every time i washed them . thus , to me that was n't a factor ; not impressed with thread count anymore , and i 'm older and have had many sheets . 
laying flat , measured with a tape measure : 29.75 '' long -- 21.25 '' wide 
i think it 's a microfiber 
maybe this mold changed , but i should have double checked , because i have been planning my soap waiting for the mold to arrive . i used the measurements provided here to begin planning my recipe . upon receiving and measuring , the inside measurements are 10x3x3 and the mold holds 48oz . to measure molds for soapmaking you multiply all 3 dimensions by .40 , equaling 36 ounces for base oils . add in 30 % water and there is another near 11 ounces . this mold holds 48 fluid ounces and makes 3 pounds of soap , uncured . very happy with it though . if you buy this , plan on building a wooden support for it as the center gapes with the pressure of the fluids . 
no cover 
yes , i think you can , but it will be smaller than most loaf molds are . this is not a regular size of cake pan , but smaller . 
32 oz 
oven capacity should be 13 1 2 in wide by 13 1 2 in deep by 9 in high . [ microwave ] 
only purchase fasta pasta if it states `` sold by amazon , shipped by amazon '' . company that manufacturers product in the usa is selling directly to amazon . read warnings on their wedsite fastapastacooker.com about knockoffs from china . 
it 's the same , but there 's a pasta cooking chart that comes with it ... .tells serving size , water level , and cooking time . it 's for many types of pasta , spaghetti , linguini , fettuccini , lasagne , macaroni , shell pasta , egg noodles . i like this pasta cooker , unless i 'm cooking a very large amount . 
yes , i use it to cook rice more often than pasta . they provide instructions on their web site for cooking all sorts of foods . i have cooked both white and brown short grain rice using their directions and it works beautifully . 1 cup short grain white rice + water fill level ii + 17 minutes cooking . 1 cup short grain brown rice + water fill level iii + 28 minutes cooking . they also provide instructions for medium and long grain rice . 
the same , my wife loves it . we have pasta more now because , no pots no strainer . the other brand is 27.00 and the woe rks the same 
yes it is bpa free , from their site , `` q. i 'm concerned about the dangers of using plastic to cook in the microwave . why is fasta pasta safe ? a. made of bpa free fda approved microwave safe material . the material used to manufacture fasta pasta is really a polypropylene copolymer and surpasses fda approval for contact with food in the microwave . it also surpasses the more stringent european specification for food contact while cooking . this is a special resin that will not leak gaseous toxins at high temperatures and classified by the fda as approved for food contact while cooking . this material is more expensive than food storage plastics . most plastic storage containers are not for microwave cooking . they are made of fda approved plastic for food contact and intended to be used for storing food , not cooking . '' . 
i do not know , but i use them to make kumbucha and if they were in anyway toxic the kumbucha would not grow . 
i have not tried , but holes are small , so i would say that it should not be an issue . i strain juice from my juicer ( omega vrt400 ) to strain out some excess pulp . 
the large and mid size appear to be the same . the small is finer . 
top rack . they are nylon not plastic so much sturdier . 
do n't know the answer to that question . however i 've read articles recently indicating that research now shows that when manufacturers produce bpa free plastic they end up replacing bpa with other chemicals which have n't been tested as much but which are possibly just as bad for your health as bpa , and maybe worse . here 's an example : http : www.ibtimes.com bpa-free-plastics-might-not-be-safe-you-think-they-are-1559434 everybody draws the line in a different place about how careful they are about possible toxins . these plastic mesh strainers have been quite useful for me . before i got them , i used metal mesh strainers which often rusted and deteriorated , causing me a different kind of concern about contamination . so it 's hard to get a very fine mesh strainer that is completely pure -- what are you going to make it out of ? not glass or ceramic ... . 
14 3 4 wide x 15 1 2 deep x 60 5 8 high 
the dimensions of this unit are 14 3 4 w x 15 1 2 d x 60 5 8 h . 
yes , there are similar ones in different finishes though . 
there is one ( 1 ) adjustable shelf . 
particleboard . but , i really like it . 
yes 
i 'm sorry that i can not answer your question at this time since we are away vacation . if you do n't find an answer in several weeks post your question again . sorry i could n't help at this time . 
not all fit because the tips are different size i bought the standdard couplers too but those tips not fit the standard couplers.. 
yes , there are only two or three that have a medium size tip 
yes ! 
no . they 're all of varying sizes so a few different sized couplers are needed . 
dear friend , thanks for your questions , it 's shipped from china , and usually need take 7-16 days for arrival . 
the real problem with this set is that some of the tips do n't fit the standard couplers . they 're too big around at the base , you ca n't secure it with the ring portion of the coupler . some do , but who knows which ones are going to be the right size and which ones are n't ? the pieces are not numbered either . there is one similar to a wilton # 74. i have n't had reason to use it yet . my standard leaf tip is a 366 which is not included in this set . 
yes 
i would said about med size ... 
cleaning them has been like cleaning my wilton tips , so the answer is yes pretty easy , and mine have not rusted either . hope that helps ! 
these are the only i used 
inside ( each drawer ) : 10.5 '' x 12.5 '' outside : 14.5 '' w x 12 '' d x 13 '' h 
this can be used for any type of lego sets . it 's amazing at how much you can put into these drawers . really happy with this purchase and may even get another one once this one is full . 
i doubt it . it does n't even work for the larger lehos . 
this only a drawer . no lego pieces come with it . 
drawers are excellent . my girls love them . very functional . multi divider insert can be removed . 
it comes with 4 clear trays that can stack 2 per drawer . so you could put 2 trays in 2 of the drawers , then have one open drawer to put bigger things in . it 's really roomy and holds a lot and allows for quite a bit of organization . my daughter loves to buy the lego friend kits and although she keeps the kits seperate , 1 of those plastic trays would easily hold 2 kits , more if they are the smaller kits . i would highly recommend this if your kid likes to keep kits seperate from the big box of legos . i would add a picture , but i 'm on my phone and ca n't get it to load . 
there is n't anything to secure them together if you are stacking them . there are bigger lego sorting systems for sale if your looking for something that is larger and will hold more legos . 
8 '' and the 10 1 4 '' 
the sizes are in the description for the product . 8 '' and 10.25 '' 
yes 
hi , here is the blurb from the scanpan website : `` the scanpan has exclusive ceramic titanium technology . this fry pan is designed and made in denmark from environmentally friendly , recycled aluminium with a pfoa free non-stick surface '' 
denmark 
yes , i use these pans on ceramic cooktop and have no complaints . one of my cheap pans ( martha stewart brand ) warped , when overheated , but not scanpan ! 
8 '' and 10.25 '' - go to chef 's catalog website to verify 
you can use any batter recipe you have in this machine . 
there 's an electrical heating connection , like a waffle maker . i have cast iron stove top version from williams sonoma and i like this one much better . 
hi j. , you 'll need eggs , milk , vanilla extract , unsalted butter , sugar , cake flour , baking powder , nutmeg , and salt . 
yes , this does include a recipe for a basic waffle batter in the pamphlet enclosed . 
yes , nozzles can be replaced . replacements should be available at air and water 800-734-0405 
i could n't find anything in the instructions about exposure to rain , but since the fan looks like an ordinary fan ( no special shielding or cover for the fan motor ) , i do n't think i would do that . the mist comes from 3 brass nozzles that are fed by rubber tubes so the fan motor never really comes in contact with water . i 'm sorry i ca n't be more definitive . hope this helps . 
definitely ! even without the hose hooked up and at the low setting , mosquitoes do n't stand a chance . it 's a life saver on muggy summer days . 
brass and they send you a couple of spares . had had ours for a couple of months and we like it . 
we replaced ours with ones that had smaller holes to create a finer mist from one of the box stores . 
yes , it does connect to a water hose . we really like ours . 
probably about three to four feet . you can always buy an extension cord . 
i live on long island , ny and we have humid temperatures only in the summer months . i have used it many times and i feel that it does cool you down . it sprays a light mist , plus the fan , which is a great thing to have outdoors and makes the humidity bearable ! 
it 's labeled 120 only . 
yes . we use steamer in oven ; we do n't use the scrubb brushes in our oven . also been great on charcoal and gas grills . 
no , you have to hold the trigger the whole time . 
no 
i do n't know but internet research showed that temperature and exposure time are keys to killing bed bugs and their eggs . the bugs will die if exposed to 113f for 90 minutes and at 118f for 20 minutes . eggs will die at 118f for 90 minutes . another amazon answer said the steam from this unit is around 212f . so it looks like the heat is hot enough , but you would have to hold the steam button down the entire time . hope this helps . 
i would say no . it is more for cleaning . you need to search for a clothing steamer . 
steam has a temperature of 212f ( 100c ) at sea level and normal atmospheric pressure . since this steam is not pressurized or contained ( it is escaping from the nozzle ) this will be the temperature . however , steam has more heat energy , since it takes another 540 cal gc to change the water to steam . this is why it hurts more to burn yourself on steam more than water . 
i think the capacity would be for one person of reasonable weight . i use it as a foot rest , mostly . however , my husband occasionally sits on it and he is about 185 pounds , no problems . 
fully assembled . beautiful piece of furniture . idk about other colors . 
18 '' x 24 '' x 18 '' 
24 '' long , 18 '' wide , 18 '' high 
i 'd say more cotton polyester . i do n't think there 's any microfiber . they are stiff , but wash well . 
double 
they are very thin , but they do their job ! one side has raised designs on it , while the other side has little indentations that form the opposite side 's raised design . when i use as a `` coaster '' , i place the raised side down for a better grip on the table and also so my glass sits smoothly on the `` up '' side . i also put the raised side down when using as a trivet on the counter or dining table . when using as a pot holder , i place my hands on the raised side for a good grip . these really were a great buy for me and they have come in so handy . great to open jars too ! 
i have never tried it on the stove , but these have been heat resistant under all circumstances , and are supposed to be good up to four hundred degrees . 
you can use them to pull items from the oven : ) or as a trivet . 
yes u can , only graduate de blade before cut obviously . 
you should be able to buy the sharping stones from the company that you purchased slicer from , check the tag plate on the bottom and google it 
if it does n't , sign up for myapobox.com that 's what i do for items that do n't ship to apo . 
yes , this product comes with 10 year limited warranty . this can be found at http : www.dreamfoambedding.com warranty.php i use this mattress pad in my camper and am very happy with it so far . performs as advertised . have experienced some shedding of the gel beads from the surface during the first couple of uses but almost nothing after that . very comfortable to sleep on . almost as good as our somma waterbed . not too hot even in humid weather and warm in cool weather . have n't used it yet in really cold weather but do not anticipate any issues . 
while i ca n't speak to this product , i 've bought sleep innovations foam from amazon a few times before and that does not hold true . so i would n't worry : ) 
we actually ordered ours in `` short queen '' size , and it fits the bed perfectly 
i had a queen size 
the little ones are 3 '' if you count all the way to the top of the front drawers plate and the big ones are 4 '' . so there only an inch bigger and there about 1ft 5in long and about 11 and a half inches wide in the inside of the drawers 
yes , you can actually also use the top drawers for socks underwear as well . what i love about the drawers is that they come out very long , and the way the hinges are installed they never get stuck or break if you have heavy things inside the drawers . i use the small drawers for things like makeup , medicine , jewelry . the bottom ones for office things and my small purses like wallets and clutches . it 's very sturdy , the wood does n't feel cheap . it 's very sleek and smooth . i absolutely do not regret buying this drawer i wish i had a ikea near me . 
44.5 inches tall 
it is $ 119 but the shipping costs more than the drawers . 
11 1 2 by just shy of 17 inches . love this unit ! ! ! 
the first few are about 3 inches and the bottom ones are closer to 6 inches . my daughter uses it for makeup and hair products on the bottom 
hello , i am sorry but the manufacturer is not sure how much tilt it can have . we do apologize . thanks 
hi mjohnson ! thank you for your inquiry ! overall height : 20.75 - 31.25 '' h aiste bisonoffice 
hi yrral ! thank you for your inquiry ! the overall height is 20.75 - 31.25. bisonoffice 
it has a standard usb connection . you should be able to plug it into any usb adapter . 
no , just a usb plug in . 
in the process of commpleting your order , there is an option to add comments to your order for the vendor . did you try requesting your desired color ? i would be curious to know if it would make a difference . i have had my comments ignored before , but there is always a chance ! the comment option has also helped me avoid ordering a similar but incorrect product in the past . the vendor actually called me to verify and avoided a bad order for us both . : ) ( there is an htc desire and a desire s cell phone , but they do n't use that same cover ) 
made in china - designed in u.s.a 
just one but you dont know what color you will get , its a random pick . also these are usb ends only , you have to buy an adaptor to plug in a wall outlet or plug it into a computer to power it . they work good , but a little loud ... 
this unit comes with a hose and it is easy to hook up . this is one of the nicest units i have ever bought . quite , efficient and very easy to operate . 
yes it does ! 
i have heard mine shut down once it reaches the desired humidity level . 
no clue . only used it for a week to dry out a flooded basement . 
yes . you can see all of the specifications for this product at https : www.danby.com en us our_products dehumidifiers adr50a2g . 
i have not tried to chill it in the freezer yet . i do n't think it will be a problem . the glass is very thick and feels solid . 
fabric . but the colors of the branches and flowers are different than the photo . 
hi there - yes the base color is white . please do not hesitate to contact me with any other questions you may have . take care . 
it 's about ... 68 in . wide x 75 long . i think it 's an average size 
i would describe them as pale red - the color becomes lighter toward the edges of the blossom , so overall they look pink . 
i am sorry but i do n't have one on hand , i have shipped them all to amazon . thanks , glenda 
i want to say its a nylon blend . it 's beautiful and durable ! 
hi - this shower curtain is full sized . please let me know if you have any further questions . thank you . 
you have to use a liner . it 's a very pretty shower curtain . 
thanks for your question , after searching our catalog , i was unable to find this bed in queen size . may i suggest checking out the `` customers who viewed this product also viewed '' section for ideas of more available items . i hope you find one you like ! 
according to their website , the twin twin xl full hold 1600 lbs. , and the queen king cal king hold 3200 lbs . naturally , that is evenly distributed weight , so you could n't simply set a 1600 lb . ball in the middle of the bed and hope it would hold it . i weigh just over 200 lbs. , and i never hear so much as a squeak out of my bed frame . i am considering getting a thicker mattress , however , because with the bed in its fully upright position , i can occasionally feel the frame under me if i sit down too hard . 
it does n't come in a set , but you can order the frame and the mattress separately . for the frame : http : amzn.com b00br6wndi and the mattress : http : amzn.com b00br9igd6 
the drinking water has nothing to do with the icemaker ! 
no it does n't . they make kits they contain both the valve any tubing though.. 
no idea , but mine only lasted 6 months 
sorry ... i 'm not sure . my fridge is a different ge model . but i believe the ice maker is a pretty universal fit . 
yes , that 's the model i originally had and replaced with im-6 . works perfectly and the easiest to install , it took all of 10 min and i had ice in 1 2 hr . 
this ice maker is generic to fit any model so it should work with yours . it has been a great replacement for our ge fridge . 
it does come complete and ready to install 
not sure what you mean by lava seat warmer , but if it is a heated seat for sitting on at sport events or such , i do n't know why it would not work . you would need to be sure the size will work for what you want to use it in and not microwave it too long . the longer you microwave it the hotter and thicker it gets . it will get approx . double the thickness as it gets hotter so if you only wanted it to be warm you would not heat it in the microwave for too long . you would need to experiment with the timing to get the correct outcome . 
i honestly ca n't swear that my microwave is 1000 w - but ... .. i started with 2:00. keep an eye on it though and when the pack starts to expand i turn it off and take it out . do n't walk away leaving it unattended until you 've done it once or twice and have a good idea of the time it 'll take . i would n't put it in for more than that . i 've always found that the 2:00 keeps my food nice and warm . 
i normally put mine in for about 5 minutes . but not knowing your microwave i would try 3 minutes and check it , then add two more 1 minute increments checking inbetween . if it starts to puff up take it out ! they will pop ! but as long as you watch them you should be fine : ) 
yes , but others may not think so . i am 6'0 '' , 190lbs , athletic build ( not fat and soft but not chiseled either ) and i bottomed out the pad with shoulders and hips depending on how i was laying . i am an avid camper and usually sleep on a 1 2 '' foam pad under my sleeping bag , so this mattress topper on my hard wood floor felt great . totally good enough for a good nights sleep , but do n't expect full mattress plush . my sub-100 lb girlfriend never bottomed out the pad and said it felt just like the tempurpedic mattress in the spare room . 
there has been no noticeable difference with the lucid than my regular mattress . it is very comfortable . 
its not a tower it 's a memory foam mattress . 
74x 53 '' x is a full size bed x what ever thickness you want 
i do n't know but the linenspa website has a place where you can ask a question & get an answer directly from them . 
you could but the foam starts firm and the longer your on it the softer it becomes . you would notice you had pad unless your a back sleeper then you should be fine . 
it would probably help because it is pretty solid firm , but i 'm not sure it would cover it completely 
i did n't check the actual density but it feels pretty dense to me , three inches of high quality memory foam , ca n't go wrong ! 
hello , thanks for your question . this organizer can either sit on the counter or fit under the sink . according to the picture and product information , it can hold up to 3 electric hair stylers . if you 'd like to get the exact sizes of the holders , you may want to contact one of the sellers directly . you can do so by clicking on `` contact the seller '' in the bottom right corner of their storefront page . i hope this helps ! 
16 '' x 16 '' it is a square rather than the rectangle shape pictured . 
16 inches x 16 inches 
made in china or malaysia . i have already peeled the label , so sorry , could not remember . 
16 1 2 exterior dimensions square 15 1 4 inside 2 inch high side . i like it ! 
sorry , katrina , i bought this as gift and had it sent straight on , so do not have the product to check . ruth 
hi diane , without the leg extensions , it stands 9 inches from the top of the bed to the top of the laptop tray , and with the extensions , it will stand about 14 inches . hope this helps ! dee 
yes it has several positions that can be used for your laptop 
they have a demonstration on everything you can do with it at hsn.com 
not really . if you flip the tray around , then the incline would be backwards , and the guard to keep your laptop from sliding down would be at the top . if you do n't plan to use the incline ever , then i suppose this can work , but i would n't recommend it . 
what are the dimensions ? 
there are two leg height settings , one of which is fairly tall , so i have n't used that one yet . the led can by powered by aaa battery , or by your laptop with a usb cable that comes with . 
yes it has 4-5 usb ports 
yes , as i use it on my electric bed at home . it helped me a great deal , and i like it a lot , as i am alergic to latex , and this matress has a layer of air gel on top , so no alergy for me.so the answer is absolutly yes . 
my use is for a student at college . 
china 
i have no idea . i only purchased the king size . 
i do n't know what you are asking . the box it comes in was about 12 x 12 x 4 inches , if i remember correctly . it was a long time ago . it has a fitted sheet , a top sheet , and a standard pillow case . the comforter came separately . 
i 'm sorry no . 
i am not sure why they say not to use under the age of 3. i have this fitted sheet for my daughter , she is 3. they are kind of slick , not really satin but they are not like cotton sheets . i do not see why you could not use them for younger children . i love them and she does too . if you order the pillow cases i have noticed that they come off the pillows really easy because they are so slick . that might be the only concern that i would see . 
yes , it 's just sheets and two pillow cases . 
no . there 's only one minnie mouse on the comforter . i 'm not happy with this set . it 's not very kid friendly . sheets too soft , slips off the bed a lot . the rest of the is just bows . 
i have a 24 pack of cans in there right now . 
two six packs of canned drinks - - -my son loves it - it keeps them very cold - and it is a very quiet unit 
after looking on several sites that also sell this product it states that is is not energy star compliant . but my energy bill has not changed since we bought it . it 's an awesome product . we went from a small 2 bedroom to a half double and with a newborn it saved a lot of trips up and down the stairs in the middle of the night . 
got it over a year ago works perfectly and its frost free 
i am not sure , are you asking about the watt value 
amazon 
yes , it is separate . it is in no way attached to the bed above it . 
no it does not . 
regular twin size mattress 
you should have no problem with this trundle , the measurements for the daybeds are pretty close . i have an 8-inch thick mattress on my trundle . 
assembly is required , but my 15 year old put it together herself so it was not all that difficult to do . 
no it does not , hope this helps 
absolutely ! it it a regular fan that also has evaporative cooling when filled w water & included ice pack or ice cubes . works great borth ways . 
yes , it does come with one . 
no you can not . 
hobby lobby or michael 's would most likely sell them . 
the spice rack itself is 8.5 '' - it is amazing and looks so nice on my counter top ! 
8 1 4 inches , measured from the bottom of the foot to the top edge . 
flat base is 5 3 4 '' that widens . top is 7 '' with lip . interior width is 6 3 8 , external height 3 '' . this is one heavy saucepan , feels behaves more like cast iron . 
according to the cuisinart website ... yes . just ordered a couple . 
6 inch bottom , 3 inch depth . love mcp pans ! 
for all i know , china . watching the changes in coloration and the way it cleans up , it should n't look the way it does at this point in time . there are no markings on the pan to tell me origin . sandy 
the clamp works much better for me because i use mine out in the garage and the table is a rough surface , the vacuum clamp will not work unless you have a flat smooth surface , hope this helps you , i love apple peeler , i did over 5 huge buckets in no time at all , best invention since apple pie , sorry had to add that 
10 '' wide 5 1 2 '' high and 4 1 2 '' thick 
yes it is . cold water . 
not that i 'm aware of . the pillow i purchased ( soft version ) is rather firm . my problem with this pillow is it does n't work with a 2005 nissan altima car seat . perhaps it will work with a different car model type . 
yes but do n't put too many at a time 
i wish i had gotten this in place of my other blender , but yes , it makes smoothies . make sure the container you use is the tall slender one and move the wand slowly up and down in the blender . it should look like baby food . kale will need to be torn into small pieces without stems . good luck ! 
i am not sure , i have to add to my review that once i used the small plastic cup they sent with it i was able to once again get good really good use out of the one i bought . 
( better late than never ) this unit has a 3 year warranty according to https : www.cuisinart.com products hand_blenders csb-75.html 
i am unable to help ... i returned the iron immediately ... it leaked constantly 
1200 w 120 v 60 hz 
the dimensions of the box that the iron comes in are - 10 1 4 long x 4 3 8 wide x 5 3 4 high . 
yes 
honestly , this purchase was a waste of my money . during my first use , water was spitting all over the place and left white flaky residue all over my close . the bottom of the iron is very tacky and did not iron smoothly over my clothes . also , this iron is very light , but not in a good way . it is light in a `` poor quality , cheap '' kind of way . i guess you get what you paid for . none the less , disappointed . sorry , i do n't think i actually answered your question about how to clean it , but if you can i 'd just return it and buy something better . 
while the mfr . recommends pouring tap water from a cup , i merely hold the iron under the tap to fill . 
it has a 1200 watt heating element . 
been a while ... not sure what plastic attachment came in box . but maybe it has something to do with the horrible leakage issues associated with using this iron ! ! ! ! 
cause they are shot glasses . 
no ! but they 're very easy to take shots out of , so i strongly recommend them . 
they are glass . 
no they 're shot glasses 
not sure if you can find lids or not ... . 
no , but comes with all parts needed to assembly . no drilling or cutting required , just a screwdriver . 
yes if you wanted to . 
the dresser measurements are 47 inches tall , 31 1 4 inches wide , 15 1 4 deep ( this is the depth of the top part with drawers ) . the toy box on the bottom is 19 inches deep at it 's lip where it sticks out the most . 
no but it is made of great quality pressed board ! we love it . 
the dresser measurements are 47 inches tall , 31 1 4 inches wide , 15 1 4 deep ( this is the depth of the top part with drawers ) . the toy box on the bottom is 19 inches deep at it 's lip where it sticks out the most . 
i am sorry , it is at my daughter 's and i do not know . it does hold a lot of toys ! 
they are metal . 
side 
i 've only had mine 4 months , but no sign of rust so far . it looks really good and works perfectly . 
no . the cushions are attached to the couch . they are n't removable . 
it has been a while , but i believe the legs just screw in and otherwise the couch comes in two large pieces . pretty easy to put together from what i remember . 
seat size : 60 '' w x 20 '' d back size : 68 '' w x 17 '' h seat height : 18 '' h 
no , is bonded leather , but is great material . i have a 3 year old and he is always jumping on the sofa . is not hard and cleans great . hoep this helps . 
hello poly , here are the dimensions : seat height : 18 '' h arm height from floor : 24.5 - 8 '' h overall width : 69 '' w overall depth : 28.5 '' d overall height : 32.5 '' h if you need anything else , please let us know . thank you . 
28.5 x 69 x 32.5 inches 
no , it has brown leathersoft upholstery leathersoft is leather and polyurethane for added softness and durability 
it fits comfortably on a full size but officially it 's for queen . we have it on a full 
they are not deep pocket . 
this listing is for the duvet cover . 
we do not have the matching curtains . 
i would assume so . at higher altitudes i would go for 6 holes just in case . make sure you make the holes large enough for feeding . 
this will do but if storing your buds i would highly recommend an amber glass jar . the amber color prevents any sun damage to your buds . 
yes , delville , in . yahoo ! 
each jar measures 5.25 '' tall ( with the lid in place ) and 3 '' wide . the jars have a regular mouth . 
yes , definitely.. any canning jar would work . especially if you have a food saver vacuum sealer with jar sealing accessory for longer term storage . i use canning jars to store dry goods all the time ... .like macaroni , home grown herbs , dehydrated fruits and vegi 's ... 
yes , it is the standard two piece lid , ring and lid . 
i just happen to have the daisy lids and tried one and sure enough they do fit and are as cute as can be . : ) 
yes if your system uses the standard size filters which are 9.75 '' to 10 '' in length ( the membrane filter is 10 '' ) 
no 
i have not installed my , recently purchased , cartridge yet . i too was disappointed that it was not labeled with flow direction . i am planning on installing mine with the flow direction toward the smaller end of the cartridge . the old cartridge does have flow direction arrows and they point to the smaller end . 
it is my opinion that your r o membrane is not working properly . i have only used watts ( phoenix ) filters in the past , and when my system was new , it reduced tds by 92 % or more . after many years , i replaced the membrane with a new 75gpd filter , and my rejection ration was 94 % . i expect this new filter to last at least 10 years , but it cost $ 115.00 . it would appear to me you got what you paid for , and the results seem to be very poor . 
no on my unit it 's 1 4 `` plastic tubing 
it states 15.6 x 17.7 x 24.1 inches on the amazon description . i am not at home or else i would measure it but i do n't recall the dimensions being different than expected . 
its about 5 inches high and 13 inches deep , 14 inches wide ... the drawer is fine for books , vitamins , glasses etc . i really liked this nightstand because the height of the tabletop is about 4inches higher than the other ones on amazon . 
yes , the sliders is on both side . 
it 's about 4 '' taller than my queen size bed which has an 11 '' memory foam mattress . 
yes 
yes . 
i think it 's made of particle board and plywood but i might be wrong . : ) 
per the ameriwood website : assembled dimensions : width : 17.68 '' depth : 15.62 '' height : 24.12 '' unit weight : 27 lbs . shipping dimensions : width : 17 '' depth : 29 '' height : 4 '' ship weight : 30 lbs . dimensions dimensions for drawer : 3.937 '' h x 13.625 '' w x 12.937 '' d dimensions for opening below drawer : 16.75 '' h x 15.625 '' w x 13.75 '' d color : black ebony ash features : max weight capacity for top of night stand : 50 lbs . max weight capacity for drawer : 20 lbs . max weight capacity for open storage space : 50 lbs . 
yes 
the slates are very weak so i 'd get box springs ! my slats broke within 2months & i 'm a tiny girl ... 
it does work for a king sleep number bed . 
http : www.amazon.com tan-velvet-tufted-upholstered-queen dp b009o0e6x4 ref=sr_1_6 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1405379388 & sr=8-6 & keywords=tufted+velvet+bed+queen 
probably will show as liquid in odd container . would be safer to pack well and check . 
back jacks all have only one angle -- about 10 degrees leaning back . that being said , you can adjust the way you sit and or use our cushion or any cushion . we know there are some knock-offs going around and we even checked one out a few years ago . the `` adjustable angle '' mechanism we saw definitely appeared to be susceptible to rust and or other mechanical problems -- so we stayed away from it . regards , bodymindwisdom 
i do n't know the exact weight but it s extremely light and very portable . the light weight metal frame pulls apart and all pieces flatten out . hope that helps ! 
hello , thanks for your question . it has a crocodile print faux leather coated surface . i hope this helps ! 
it is an elastic band . i do not really know if it works because i only bought it as a stage prop . 
yes it is 
i use it for king size cig 's which are exactly 3 1 4 '' long . fits perfectly . do n't think it 'll work for the 100 's . 
it 's on both sides . 
yes but do n't put too many at a time 
i wish i had gotten this in place of my other blender , but yes , it makes smoothies . make sure the container you use is the tall slender one and move the wand slowly up and down in the blender . it should look like baby food . kale will need to be torn into small pieces without stems . good luck ! 
i am not sure , i have to add to my review that once i used the small plastic cup they sent with it i was able to once again get good really good use out of the one i bought . 
( better late than never ) this unit has a 3 year warranty according to https : www.cuisinart.com products hand_blenders csb-75.html 
yes , it is . 
50 '' by 60 '' 
it has a 3 prong . 
180 watts 
sorry but we are out of stock in beige . 
yes , we have ivy green , blue , beige and walnut brown color in our store vct electronics . 
hi . the cord is 9 feet from plug in to the wall to plugging into the blanket . ( i measured it just now ) . it is about 7 feet feet from wall to the attached remote . i hope that helps you . 
yes it is 
when you insert it and twist it removes the pineapple from inside leaving the entire outside intact . if you do n't go too deep , you can actually use the outside of the pineapple to drink out of ! 
it has to be used to slice into rings , which if you just cut down one side gives you half a slice , or you can cut into sections , it is not a peeler or just a corer . love this it does a great job . 
sorry , but i have no idea . i think it was china , but i 'm not sure . i checked the item , but it does n't specify . 
i had the plastic piece at the top break off and i carved a piece of cork to fill the hole . this unit is cheaply constructed and it seems impossible to find anyone to replace it . too bad such a cool design . 
they 
yes ... ..but i have to wait for it to cool before the pixie will release the duck . frequently , i have to use my fingers to get it started so it is not free of hassles . if it is completely cool , it releases maybe 70 % of the time . i never know if i would be lucky or not . 
i have pixie machine from nespresso . it is working fine . you just have to face the tab that you open at 12:00 o'clock , and not fill the pod completely . i bought 12 and i am very happy with them . buy coffee fine grounded for expresso machines in the grocery store . 
no there to small . i wish i could find ones that would fit . 
it works , we use bustelo and all those other spanish brands 
no it does not . it only works with the original nespresso . 
i have the pixie and found out that they can actually damage the machine . i went to the boutique in sf and they advised against it . i only wish they would come out with their own refillable pods but , they are not in that business . good luck ... i disposed of mine ... 
they can get stuck in the machine . the coffee does not come out quite as strong . but once you get the hang of it is not awful 
not at all . 
i used keurig in the office for a couple of years and the coffee is ok. i 've had a nespresso at home for 2 years and i prefer the taste of nespresso to keurig . but they both have quite a variety of flavors and you might find one you prefer over the other . you can also buy keurig almost anywhere , even at the hardware store . nespresso you have to order directly from them and have it delivered . 
yes they do . i 've tried several of each , my dogs seem to like the home made ( or made by scratch ) better . after using the griddle a few times i 've found it 's easier to pour the treat mixture on a cookie sheet and bake in the oven . then i cut it into 1 '' x1 '' pcs . good luck & have fun & # 128062 ; 
plenty of recipes on the internet ... . dogs love then all ! 
yes it does have recipes . 
yes , if you cook them long enough and air dry them . my dog loved them - but she is a lab and will eat anything . maybe chewy is a more accurate description . ann 
90 days after purchase 
thanks for your question ! you can return most new , unopened items sold and fulfilled by amazon.com within 30 days of delivery for a full refund . items should be returned in their original product packaging . more information about returns can be found on our help pages : 
it does , it will switch between the current humidity in the room and the desired humidity . i also have a small $ 10 humidity monitor , and the humidifier and the monitor can vary from 0-10 % . so i am not sure which one is the most accurate . also can depent on where you place the monitor . hope this helps ... cheers 
it comes with a meter that has an led , but no digital readout . a mini-meter of sorts . 
zr-017 
i believe it is the same size but the shape is a little narrower at the bottom , but when i called the company they said either one can be used . i hope this helps you . may god bless your day . 
it should but the filter does n't last very long when there is a lot of sediment in the water . my zerowater started to taste bad after a week . 
yes . the filters are the same in my other zero water products . there is one note . zero water changed their filters in about mid-2012 . my water cooler had to have a minor adjustment to use the newer filters . when i put the new style filters in my old zero water pitcher , it would n't filter the water to the full level in the pitcher . no problems with the 6-cup space saver , though . 
yes the pitcher is free of bpa 
no , the manual recommends browning meat on the `` white rice '' setting . no need to use the stove ! 
the lid is fixed . i 've had mine for over 4 years and removing the water catcher in the back and the steam plug inside the lid lets the unit be cleaned good enough . i wipe the inside of the lid after every use . i let the lid stay open over night and store it with the water catcher and steam plug off the unit . my rice cooker gets used 5-6 times a week ( asian family ) and we have never had a problem with it working correctly or a bad odor . hope this helps ... 
hello david . i 'm sorry i ca n't help because i have n't made regular rice yet . i can tell you this . i 've used to make rice & peas and a lot goes in it . 4 cups rice , cocnut milk , black beans , garlic & onion , seasonings & water . my meals take about 3-4 hrs to cook & the last 40 minutes i start rice & it 's ready at the end . i would guess 15-20 minutes for reg rice . i love this thing & i 've had many over the yrs . i recommend highly . 
the cord is not retractable . 
the glasses do n't seem to effect the taste at all . 
filled to the brim .. 12 ounces ! yay ! lol ! 
i 've never measured . they look the same size as my other red wine glasses . 
absolutely ! 
normal white wine glass height . 
yes 
no 
a little . but its good for one cup of coffee . 
yes , the glass is detachable from the metal . 
i 'm sorry i honestly do not know but it less than $ 8 i think just getting the new one is as easy : ) 
no due to iron parts . 
my 14 year old son practically put it together and i was his assitant to save time . therefore , it was pretty easy to build the table . 
yes , it is made of a very heavy particle board . 
hi sue , according to my records it is only available in black . sandy , owner best kitchen products 
no , wood on wood 
it is wood just slides into grooves on the back and the drawers too . 
yes the only thing is the knobs did n't work for me i just made ones out of ribbon 
it has exactly 2 speeds ... normal & turbo 
not really . single speed with a `` boost '' button which ramps it up a bit . 
i checked attachments and see 'tri-blade ' label on one . both metal-bladed attachments have three blades , and the non-metal one has two paddle-like blades . 
it 's 120 . 
i have successfully cooked a half pound of spaghetti . i am sure it would hold more , but a half pound is the right amount for our family . sure beats boiling up 12 quarts of water for my pasta pentola . 
yes , it 's bpa free ! per the lekue usa website : `` number 7 is a large category that designates all the plastics which do not have a specific recycling protocol . the # 7 category was designed as a catch-all for polycarbonate ( pc ) and `` other '' plastics , so reuse and recycling protocols are not standardized within this category . in this category , you find polycarbonates and also vegetable based plastics ( p.e . corn ) which do not contain bpa . the bottoms of most plastic bottles are imprinted with a number inside a small recycling triangle . any product with bpa carries the number 7 , but not all products with the number 7 have bpa as our products which are do not contain bpa . our rice cooker and pasta cooker bases does not contain bpa . '' 
depends on portion size , but usually good up 2 at a time . you can cook for 1 person at a time for larger portions , and since it only takes 8 minutes per cooking session , it 's quick . 
yes but i would n't really recommend this product . i think the pasta comes out mushy or all stuck together . it 's easier to wash a pot ... 
yes spaghetti for two even 3. have n't tried mac & cheese , but i did do egg noodles , they were okay not as good as spaghetti . i use mine all the time it 's so easy to make more if you have n't made enough at first . so much easier than boiling and draining . 
yes . it does . it has the small tools and brushes for getting in tight and small spaces . the small brush is perfect for stairs and the cone gets into the corners . the only thing with stairs is the awkwardness of the unit but without the power brush , it is manageable . we love this unit as we have three dogs and two cats . i highly recommend this vacuum . 
all pcs . included just like any other vaccum ... only downside is no hepa filter , but i canl ive with that because the bags are completely sealed when operating . this is fabulous machine . ss 
12 amps 120 volts 60 hz 
i am embarrassed that amazon would expect a customer to respond to a question like this . if amazon is selling something and does n't know where it is made , then why would they expect a customer to know ? amazon , shame on you for foisting your responsibilities off on your customers ! ! ! 
yes it does . 
i found through trial and error that barbecue sauce burns before the cooker gets up to pressure unless water or other liquid is added to it . i do n't know about other sauces , but i imagine the same would happen with something like jarred spaghetti sauce or any sauce that is thick . i like to cook bbq chicken in it , but i do n't like the watery results . so i add water to the pot and put the chicken and bbq sauce in a small steamer basket that i set on top of a trivet and cook it like that . 
no , but things brown beautifully on the browning setting in the crock pot . hope this helps . 
yes it does . it also automatically switches to `` warm '' after cooking . 
yes , it will automatically stay warm after your done cooking whether slow cooking or pressure cooking after set time as elapsed . hope this information helps . 
this unit does not work well as a pressure cooker . it is fine for a slow cooker but the seal is n't good enough for continued pressure cooking . 
i use the oxo good grips silicone steamer . it just fits into the 4 qt . cooker . 
you can get an extra pot and replacement parts at http : www.fagoramerica.com shop2 replacement_parts slow_cooker_express 
have not used for rice yet .. sorry . did make a great pasta and chicken dish . i want to try a dessert next ! 
nonstick material . fagor.com will specify for you . 
if you mean after multiple cycles in the washing machine , the pads do n't look brand new anymore . i do bleach them in the wash , but to the mops credit , it picks up so much filth they can look a little grey . but they are clean . if you 're asking how long they last during a cleaning ... i mop a large area like the kitchen , then i pick it up and peek under the mop to see how much i 've picked up . if it 's covered in dirt i change it , if i can still see the white of the pad i keep going . hope that helped ! 
yes is can ! this unit is designed for use on hard floors such as ceramic tile , vinyl , laminate , marble , stone , and sealed hardwood floors . 
i just use a spray bottle of a solution mix ( mr. clean , pine-sol etc ) and spray my floor first before i use my steam mop . works great for disinfecting and cleaning . 
the steam mop amd and two pads and couple fragrance disc ... easy to set up and use 
i have never owned anything made by shark and never will . ( read on for the reason why . ) however , i ca n't say enough good things about my bissell powerfresh steam mop ! one of the things i take into consideration when buying something like this is the warranty . the bissell powerfresh has a 2 year warranty , which is a year longer than most other ( if not all other ) steam mops on the market . here 's where i was completely turned off by the shark brand of anything . several months ago i was in the market for a new vacuum and was considering a shark . however , i decided against shark after i went to their website and had an on-line chat with a shark customer service representative . i was curious how warranty issued were handled in the event service or repair was needed and the customer service rep told me if a shark product needs repair or service during the warranty period , shark has no local authorized service centers-anywhere . the customer has to ship shark products back to shark for repair and the customer is responsible for shipping costs both ways . thanks , but no thanks shark ! i do n't think it is right for a customer to have to pay for shipping on an item that is still under warranty . i ended up buying 2 bissell vacuums ( 1 for me ; 1 for daughter ) because there is an authorized bissell service center within 5 miles of my home . you can check to see if there is an authorized bissell service center near you by entering your zip code on the bissell website here : http : www.bissell.com service-centers . however , with the bissell powerfresh mop , a service center may not even be necessary . i have heard if the mop fails within the 2 year warranty period , bissell asks you to cut the power cord off your defective mop and mail it to them rather than having you ship the whole mop back . then , once they get the cord , they will ship you a new mop . ( and unlike shark , apparently bissell even sends a pre-paid shipping label . ) i also see a lot of negative comments about shark in the bissell powerfresh steam mop reviews -- reviews from people who have actually owned shark steam mops , say they do n't last very long , and after trying the powerfresh mop , they think it is far superior to shark . 
blades are 3 , 4 1 2 , and 6 inches . i measured them . 
yes they can .. i never had a problem with them in the dishwasher 
i dont ... just hand wasg them 
3 , 5 and 6 inches respectively . 
3 180ml rice cups of dry rice , producing 6 cups of cooked rice . manual assumes 1 rice cup of rice is for one person . we use 120ml of rice for two of us with 240ml of water to make the rice we eat at dinner time . 
i have been able to put in 3 cups of uncooked rice . has enough forfamily of 4 with some leftovers 
it has both . 
very good . it is very good design and confortable . thank you 
i would consider it to be slow medium . it 's not fast but it 's not crazy slow either . for me it was the perfect pace . 
it does n't flash . probably the chinese manufacturer did n't understand the meaning of the word `` flash '' and threw it in there as a descriptor . it projects stars to the ceiling if you remove the opaque blue cap . its plug-in is a usb , which i found surprising . runs on batteries also . 
https : www.cspost.com view.php ? side=coolfinds & item=8693 & zipcode= this website says they are microwave and dishwasher safe . 
i had a hard time finding this answer myself . mine have been washed in the dishwasher and survived just fine . i searched for bamboo dishes in general and found that the concern seems to be the potential for growth of mold , whether in dishwasher or if left to soak in the sink . to my mind it seemed that the dishwasher would battle that issue but i saw nothing about that . i also wondered about microwave use . two of my plates were warped when delivered to me so i decided to try . they survived the microwave too . again i have no idea about food safety or longevity of the plates but they did n't show any sign of damage . 
sorry i do n't know about dishwasher . i returned immediately as did not like them . 
you do n't have to i just out the whole thing in if it fits . orange juice tastes better if you peel the orange though . 
it extracts the pulp . for me , that much waste is bothersome . i drink a morning protein smoothie , so i make sure to trim the vegetables before juicing . that way i can take the leftover pulp ( ie fiber ) and add it to my smoothies . it 's already broken down so it mixes in very easily . also , i add it to soups , spaghetti sauce , etc . i 've stored it in the fridge and the freezer . i 'm very happy with this juicer . i 'd love one of the high end ones , but i do n't want to pay that much money . this juicer is a good price , it 's easy to use , very easy and quick clean up , and i would recommend the purchase . 
it does any fruits and vegetables . wheatgrass is a whole different thing . you need special extractor as far as i know . i have a small hand crank on for wheatgrass . but honestly if you are using kale and other leafy greens you wo n't need wheatgrass . the other alternative is to just add dried wheatgrass powder after you make your juice . that 's what i do now . much easier than dealing with fresh wheatgrass . 
no . it 's a juicer , not a blender . it 's amazing but it 's not a multi-purpose machine . 
performance and power of motor increases with wattage increase . 
the je98xl juice fountain plus does not come with a recipe book , however there is a section of recipes in the instruction book . 
yes 
the je98xl juice fountain plus comes with a juice jug to capture the juice when the food is processed . 
centrifugal juicers , like the je98xl juice fountain plus , do not process bananas well . bananas are best processed in a blender since there is little to no 'extraction ' actually done on the fruit . 
i have used it to knead bread dough , yes . if you 're going for an artisinal french bread or sourdough , any mixer is gon na over-knead it , and you 're best to use your hands . but , white bread , brioche , sweet doughs , etc . will be just fine . i used speed 1 . 
no . 
the mixer weight 12 lb is enough to mix 1 gallon 
no it 's a piece of junk i sent mine back did n't even have a 24 hours i would never buy this product 
its 110 volts . but i want u to know that i paid for bya 10 speed blender and received an 8 speed . false and misleading ad . this is a crying shame and i want a discount . dont buy 
i did . i have painted and stacked them into a bookcase . i would suggest a sheet of plywood , cut to fit between the crates to help support book weight . 
yes . they are great crates 
i would n't say so . it 's untreated wood . 
we do ship to canada . 
mine are stacked on top iof each other like bookcases-each filled with books and we have had no problems . 
internal length : 16 5 8 '' , internal width : 11 11 16 '' , depth : 9 1 8 '' . these are precise measurements , not knowing how you will use the crates . they are very good quality and nice looking crates . i use two outdoors and one in the house . 
yes , you can but i find the clips a bit difficult . i decided to buy actual suit hangers with built-in clips instead of using these clips . 
hi karen , there is a little inner clip that slips right around the hanger . the trick is to pinch the top of the outer clip so that you can see the inner clip and secure it to the desired location on the hanger . i hope this helps . 
i believe so -- i use them with delta kids velvet hangers 
yes 
no ! they only fit the new style hangers that are flat . they do sell the ones for 1 4 '' round , keep looking . 
they should work . they 'll spin around , but once the clothing is attached they should be fine . 
they 're not completely smooth on the inside . i have a small piece of fabric that i use to protect my suede skirt but other than that it has n't been a problem . 
from the floor to the front of the seat - 16 inches at the lowest setting , 21 inches at the highest 
no 
i 'm 4'11 '' and i can tell you that if you are lucky enough to find an office chair to fit petite frames , you 've hit the jackpot . i like the chair , but i had to purchase the obus forme ergonomic orthopedic low back support to shorten the seat length . that particular back support has a movable , velcroed cushion to add additional support where needed . this chair is as good as any , you will just need additional back cushioning for short legs . 
it is a limited 10 year warranty . i do not know the specifics of the limited , but will find out . lee ann juicersandjuicing 
i 'm not sure . our apartment 's wired for 120 240 volts . 
it was loud . i had to put it in a separate room and close the door . my sister 's little plastic stayed on the kitchen counter , and its sounds was n't noticeable . 
it 's okay with grease draining but there are clear hot spots under the heating loop . for pancakes i just pour the batter over the top of the hotter loop . 
the tempertature reaches 400d i use it this so much i have to buy a new one evey few years ! i will never go without this brand and model 
10-1 2-by-20-1 2-inch cooking surface 
this bed has been great for my girls who are 4 , 5 and 7 years old . since i have a problem with the girls jumping on their beds , i was n't happy with the amount of slats ( thought there should have been more ) so i cut a piece of ply board for the top and bottom bunks . the stairs are extremely sturdy and the rails are more than high enough to keep the girls from falling out . 
whatever is standard ... 
no 
no 
you will need 3 twin mattresses for the trundle mattress the one on the bottom you do n't need to get an extremely thick or plush mattress because the space between the lower bed and that is fairly close . hope that helps 
for safety , we do n't recommend more than 200 lbs for the top and 275 lbs . for the bottom . 
the bunkie boards are not included . 
not sure of the exact weight capacity but i weigh 200lbs and its the nicest chair i have had in a while . 
i am 6 ' 3 '' with a 38 '' inseam and feel very comfortable in the chair after adjusting . 
at the widest part of the seat the width is 20 inches . the seat is 19 inches deep . hope this helps . 
they should have come with the chair -- typical follow the picture instruction booklet . 
looks like leather , is not leather -- but , more importantly , on this chair it is at an angle leaning forward that is uncomfortable ... do not buy this chair 
hey there . for me , the lumbar support is good , and i 'm a big guy ! hard to judge personal preferences when it comes to comfort though . great value for the price . hope this helps west 
i have a mix of shoes on this but we have about 3 pairs of adult sized shoes on each row . i have 2 of these racks and have a total of 30+ pairs of gym shoes ( kids and adults ) and 12+ pairs of flip flops ( these are sideways tho ) . 
27 inches long , 13 inches width , 42 inches tall ... 
it wo n't rust but it wo n't last long in the rain . mine completely and uncontrollably started tippi to the right . so i had to repair it with four garden sticks . now it holds but is a waste of money . 
not sure the exact dimensions . but it was n't very big . maybe 2x2 
no , you can not do that . thanks 
hello . the dimensions when assembled are 27 x 13 x 42 inches . i hope this helps ! 
i have not tried that . however , the tier does not seem as steady to stack one on top of the other . i hope i was able to help . jasmin 
it really all depends on what you use it for . if only rice , than a regular model would suffice . now if your making mixed dishes that use meat and poultry , than the pressure cooking option is a must . not to mention , if you love brown rice , but hate the hardness that accompanies brown rice . the gaba brown rice feature pressurizes the water to 221 degrees fahrenheit to increase the absorption of water in the rice to make it as soft as white rice . if you use this as a main kitchen appliance , than the cost seems rather inexpensive . but if it 's just to make white rice , than cheaper options are available . 
according to the manual you can set the rice cooker timer so that the rice will finish cooking by a specific time . ( clock on the rice cooker must be set to the current time before setting the timer ) . we 've not used this feature yet , but in theory you could set to whatever time you desired . hope this helps . 
the cooking time for white rice under the 'umami ' setting is 74 mins . the regular setting is something like 55 min ... and the 'quick ' setting is somewhere in the 30 's . some of my friends swear by the 'quick ' setting using a little extra water , but i 'm the 'slow food ' type of person and plan the time for the long cook times . these cook times are pretty much the same with the non-pressure versions in my experience . 
i would recommend you call the manufacturer and ask them directly , they have good support . 
the major difference is that the nvc10 is a pressure cooker , so it will cook the different types of rice at different temperatures for better results . 
japan . but some models are not , so look at the label , right on the front of the machine . you can see it in the picture on line . 
i would n't use it for anything other than making rice , you could use chicken broth instead of water to flavor the rice , but i do n't know what might happen if you put just liquid in it . it is a pressure cooker but specifically designed for rice , and at the price you pay for it , i would n't use it `` off label '' as you 'll surely void the warranty . page # 3 of the manual in big letters says : `` this product is for cooking and keeping rice warm only '' and right underneath it has lots of `` don'ts '' regarding only using it for rice and not for anything that will possibly expand splatter splash up to clog the pressure relief valve . 
a room about 10 ft long by 13 to 15 ft wide ( 130 -150 square feet ) with average insulation . the 475 watt envi heater has been specifically designed to heat an average room measuring 130 - 150 square feet in floor area , to between 68 and 72 degrees , even in the coldest parts of the country . in rooms that have one or more of the following conditions : inferior insulation , many windows , staircases leading upwards , adjoining rooms that can not be closed off ( open plan ) or outside entrances - this ratio may have to be lowered slightly . for rooms with above average insulation or warmer climates this ratio might be able to be increased . you can add as many heaters as you like to heat any size room , home or office . for rooms with no insulation or for rooms such as sunrooms with entire walls made of glass we recommend a ratio of one 475 watt heater per 60-80 square feet of floor area . 
soundless . ie . it makes no noise whatsoever . the only way you know it is on is by the red led power light . 
yes , it can be plugged in and unplugged . there are different models , some a plug based and some are hardwired , some are 120 vac and i think they might have a 240 vac model too but jot positive on the last one . just make sure you get the 120 vac plug model and you 'll be fine . 
if you buy the plug-in version you can move it any where you like . you just have to install the mounting clips again or the unit will not turn on . it 's a safety switch . 
the envi works by reflecting heat on the wall it is hung on . the wall above the envi gets fairly hot ! that hot wall is what heats the room ... more so than the heat escaping from the envi . i 've located my envi about a foot above a hot water baseboard that i was concerned about . i 'm not running that hot water baseboard much , so i 've been afraid the pipes would freeze . that 's why i installed the envi ! so far , in my application of a far bigger room , and installing the envi on an outside wall , i have n't frozen any pipes . tomorrow ? we 'll see ! if you use yours differently , and do n't leave it on , your mileage could vary as well ! there are few guarantees in life ! 
well , it 's 450 watts @ 120 volts so is around 3.75 amps . wv=amps 
nope 
250 # 
the support for the bed is included . i put a $ 99 mattress on it , and it is quite comfortable . 
i do n't know the exact measurements , but it 's a very space efficient frame . it 's going to be the size of a twin mattress plus maybe a couple of inches on each size . the frame is a little more flimsy than i expected and only holds up to 300 pounds . i would recommend a comfy futon instead of this bed . my toddler son currently has it in his room ( it takes up about a third of his room ) . it is nice that there is a small amount of storage space under the bed . i hope that helps ! good luck with you man cave ! : ) 
my husband weighs around 185 lbs and he sits on it to watch tv when i`m hoarding the tv in the family room . its very strong . 
no ! 
it is 20 '' wide x 13 '' deep x 24 1 2 '' tall . 
it is 13x20x24 inches . i like my unit . looks good and well made . 
the skull itself is 4 '' tall , 3 1 4 '' wide , and 1 1 2 '' deep for the face of the skull . the back is 3 1 2 '' tall , 3 1 2 '' wide , and 1 1 2 '' deep . its pretty large when its put together . 
4.25 '' high , and 3.25 '' wide ( at widest point ) 
8.5 cm wide , 10.5 cm tall 
yes - it 's a two part mold and is fantastic . it 's really easy to make the skull either as put together both filled parts for a solid one piece or if you coat in layers you can make the skull hollow . hope that helps if you want a picture ( not brilliant resolution ) but you 're welcome i can send one . 
stainless steel 
hi carmen , i 'm not sure about 1 cup . i have a large family so i always cook a larger quantity and like having leftovers for lunch the next day . the more you cook the longer it takes . i see someone else says 20 minutes for 1 cup . i would guess that would be correct . we put the rice on first and then begin the rest of the meal . bon appetite ! ! 
yes but you need to soak the rice grains in water for a couple of hours and then make sure you have enough water because brown rice requires a little more water 
yes , i 've tried that before , put the pot in dishwasher . however , the ceramic pot is so easy to wash by hand and soap , coz the rice does n't stick to the pot . thus , the pot looks very clean even after you just cooked and dished your last grain of rice . i love this pot very much . the rice smells fragrant too ! 
no that has never happenned . 
water colector can not be removed but we usually wipe it..after each use.. 
yes . so far i love it . the only imperfect is the socket interface is not steady . it will loose if you did n't insert the cord carefully . 
it is very quiet . i had a different model that made an annoying loud beep when you turned it on , off or changed the speeds . this one does not make a beep , and the fan 's actual operation is quiet as well . 
the fan is not noisy . it is nice having the remote and it has lots of settings . we have enjoyed it very much . we are satisfied with the fan . 
our fans are specifically designed to be used in the u.s. or canada , with 110-120 volts . 
it does not ! that was one of my initial concerns as well . it is perfectly stable just the way it is . i love it ! ! 
it 's 28 inches from the floor to the very bottom of my 42 '' tv 
no . 42 '' is the max . 
i do n't see why that would be a problem . go for it ! 
pressboard . i would not purchase for my main living area if i had kids . that being said it is a nice looking piece that i use for my basement set up 
product dimensions length : 78 `` distance from floor to bed base : 64 5 8 `` width : 55 1 2 `` height : 81 1 8 `` mattress length : 74 1 2 `` mattress width : 53 `` 
the bed stands at 5'11 '' - so just under two meters . my daughter 's ceiling is 8 ' , so she has just over two feet of clearance above it , which can be snug . but she loves it anyway . she had a very nice twin size mattress , but it was so thick that the bed 's railings served no purpose . we replaced her mattress with an inexpensive , 6 inch thick mattress and now she can sit up in bed without hitting her head and the railings are several inches higher than the mattress so she feels more secure . by the way , i 've anchored her bed to a 1x6 that is screwed into the wall studs and has ten decorative knobs from which she can hang clothing and necklaces and such . it 's gone a long way to feminize the bed for my pink-loving ten year old ! 
no it does not , but it is an excellent product otherwise . you can buy single mattresses for it . it has metal webbing which will support it well . this is really a wonderful product that i would highly recommend . it came with extra screws and so forth in case you lost one and i did . instructions are very straight forward , very strong , i have a desk under my bed , which i put plastic over the mattress and am using it for storage . i may someday need it as a bed which is why i have the mattress . good luck in whatever decision you make , but the frame is very well made and strong . do n't tighten all the screws until everything is together , that way any adjustments can be made if necessary . even the parts for assembly are numbered . my daughter bought a similar bed , with not experience put it together in one evening . i used to be a contractor with more specialized knowledge of such things . 
look on line with the manufacturer or go to a hardwood store 
it is a twin bed . just a standard twin , nothing extra fancy . 
i would n't have a kid over 150lbs on it . it will hold , but excessive movement i would think would compromise its integrity with that much or more weight . 
yes ! i use mine for freezing all kinds of things . the only drawback is ( and this happens in any condition , not just the freezer ) every once in a while they `` unvacuum '' it usually happens quickly because of not zipping them tightly enough , but sometimes it is because of a bad bag or small hole in the bag , so i check in a day or two to avoid freezer burn , stale food , etc . 
yes , but i find vac u vin are better 
they are bpa free . 
yes , they are compatable with all caso vacuum sealers . 
we installed it recessed . looks beautiful ! 
the cabinet is 30 '' wide ( horizontal measure ) and 24 '' high ( vertical measure ) if the mounting side is measured . if the mirrored surface is measured , the measurements are 30 '' and 25 '' respectively because the mirror protrudes out 1 2 '' on either side . 
30 inches 
height.. is 24 1 2 inches with glass door open . 26 inches with glass door closed . wide..29 inches with glass door open . 30 inches with glass door closed . depth ... 4 inches with glass door open . 5 inches with glass door closed . excellent product ... loved how they shipped it . very secure . well worth the shipping charge . very sturdy piece . place a mirror on opposite wall , adjust side mirrors and you can see angles of your head and back . 
yes that 's why i bought them . 
i would say yes , it works awesome for me . the only thing is the ruber tends to disappear in the dishwasher . 
perfect 
no . none of the older model plastic bottles can go in the dishwasher . they have a warning on the bottle specifically saying not to put them in a dishwasher . 
put the canister in the back of the machine , twist and you are ready to go ! the canister needs no other attention until you notice the carbonization of your water waining - time to change the canister ! 
yes , this is the bottle that comes with the current iteration of source models . 
no 
no 
it starts to warm immediately . i find i use it at a setting of `` lo '' to `` 3 '' about 10 minutes before i intend to get into bed in order to take a chill off the sheets . soon , i 'll either leave it at that setting or turn it down later during the night ( room temp of 63 degrees ) . i never need it all night long , though if i ever do i will have higher settings at the turn of the control knob . this is the best blanket , low energy , soft fabric , easy to read control ( lighted ) and machine washable . 
i do n't know i bought it for my girlfriend as a gift . 
their blankets use between 14 and 18 volts depending upon the model . it has a converter that changes the 120 volts to a safer voltage . all others are 120 volt . it is almost impossible to receive an electrical shock from this low-voltage blanket . that is why i purchased it . when i got it i was amazed at the quality of the fabric . never any pilling as the old electric blankets . the power consumed is approximately 1 watt - far less than a typical nite lite . 
yes ! it was originally designed for wood floors . i had tile floors previously and it worked great . i have real oak floors throughout my home now and it seems to work even better on the wood . my sister has laminate wood floors and we 've used it there with great results as well , although it did seem to leave streaks on her floors but i think that 's just from the residue buildup of her usual floor cleaner . the same thing happened on my tile until all the residue was lifted off . if she used it regularly it would eventually melt away all of that residue and leave a streak-free finish . 
yes . it comes with two cleaning pads . washable . reusable . 
the easy answer is 12 '' by 7 '' . the math nerd answer is that it is a trapezoid 11.25 '' at the top 13.25 '' at bottom and 7 '' tall . 
haan has a really great website . they have a chart that explains the differences . this is the link : http : www.haanusa.com images haan_2013_prodcomparison.pdf it seems to me , the si-75 comes with an extra accessory , the concentrator nozzle and flexible extension hose : http : www.haanusa.com nozzles.html . it looks like it would be good for cleaning grout , but do n't know how well it works , since i do n't have that accessory . hope this helped . 
no , it only sanitizes with the steam 
i dose n't work at all . 
no the screw threaded easily , but we bought two units and at the third use both were useless . customer service was nice and tried to be helpful . the problem was both units from costco were defective . we returned both haan 's and bought a black and decker 3 in 1. it 's been a great unit ! going to buy another for my barber shop . 
the pad is textured but flat . the mop pad will not clean your grout lines however the detachable handheld part has a fine point head that will target the grout and clean it . my sister has one and cleaned the brick around her fireplace and it came out looking brand new . 
with the pads that are used on the unit i do n't think that it will clean uneven grout lines well . 
the plug is 1 1 8 at base to about 1 1 2 at top ( inches ) to big to fit into a 4ltr carlo bottle they push them selves out . 
it fits pretty much any standard juice container , from the smaller size to the gallons . 
no , they are too small . 
you would have to buy a larger size stopper but the holes are universal in all of the stoppers and the airlocks would fit . 
can you ? with a big hole saw bit , probably . but i do n't know how these will hold up and seal against a thin metal lid like that . these are designed for sealing glass carboys . they 're not as soft as some others but make a good seal against glass in my experience . the softer ones i 've used have popped out during primary fermentation . 
it is separate . 
this will fit a standard glass carboy . 
i use these for beer - and generally use a blow off assebly because the fermentation overwhelms these three piece airlocks . so , there usually is a lot within about 36 hours of pitching yeast . 
75 x 38 according to the web site . we are not home at this time so ca n't measure , but they seem true to size . holding up very well on a platform bed . 
yes , no problem . 
nope . that would fit a full size . these are twin size per package . 
it is about an inch or less . they work great on our bunk beds . does not sag . 
by my measure , the pillows are 16.5 inches long , 10 inches high , and 5 inches deep . hope that helps . 
no . 
yes it has solid teal on the back . 
very small , like probably 16 inches long , i thought it was a body pillow when i bought it . 
i dont think you can put it in an oven cause the handle will melt i guess 
the frying pan is deep enough to keep oil inside while cooking . i just measured the height of the wall . it is 2.3in . 
mine did n't do that . return it . 
i have been using this ( with an induction oven ) for than a year now . - never heard any popping sound . 
it is 10 '' on top 8 '' on base 
the body of the pan in aluminum , but it has a steel clad bottom . we use it all the time on our fagor induction burner and it works great . we rarely use it on our standard electric burners . 
the handle does not hold water . 
i 'm not sure . i wipe it clean with a sponge when i 'm finished using it . 
i would also like to know the answer . if you found out michael , could you let me know ? steve @ classicinsight.com 
the reverse side is the same darker brown as is on the top . 
you can machine wash : ) 
polychlorinated biphenyls ( pcbs ) were banned in the usa in the 1970s . the food container set in the picture is from italian firm ramacciotti plast , and it is very likely that they are pcb free . 
as i remember there were the three as shown . but i bought 2 sets and that was a while ago . 
according to their site , yes . they are also well-made . 
as i remember , what is shown . i bought two sets . love them . 
nope , neither one . 
yes , it has a three prong cord . just be sure to order replacement filters with the air cleaner . i 've had multiple problems getting them . 
30 inches high , 8 inches wide and about 11 inches deep . very nice but can be loud when on high 
hi , thank you for your question . the tower air purifier has a power consumption of 120 v and 59 w as confirmed by the manufacturer itself . 
im really not sure ... i would say a mix between cotton and maybe polyester ... the fabric is very soft to the touch . i 'm very pleased . 
yes 
i believe the colored areas were polyester and the rest cotton . i sent mine back though . 
i have machine washed mine and it still looks great 
i think its white it looks white to me . i purchased a blue & white one & it was white : ) i hope this helps ... 
it is n't very big - a small platter at best . it might be a little longer than a dinner plate is wide , but is an elegant piece . i love mine ! 
the dimensions without the handles are 12 1 4 '' long x 8 7 8 '' wide . 
i 'm going to guess about 9 '' x15 '' . i sent it back because it was poor quality and had a chip off the back . it cost me about $ 12 shipping to mail it back plus the original $ 5 . so i 'm pretty upset about the whole transaction . i 'll never purchase another thing from miles kimball . it 's junk from china . 
cushion is okay . however , we bought it for the nice wood works in legs and frame and kept it as kind of a show piece . it is not the kind of furniture you would use for regular use . 
i do n't know 
it does drip a lot unfortunately 
the base is approximately 4 inches in diameter and just shy of 5 inches tall . 
absolutely ! i pull out the filter and put both items on the top shelf . i would just recommend rinsing immediately after use in case you steeped a red tea to prevent staining . 
this is not an electric device . it is a ceramic teapot . 
tea forte products comply with ca proposition 65 and meets the us food grade safety standards . 
no you can not 
yes 
no 
i would say not . more for serving . 
it is powerless , just a ceramic pot . 
if you mean thickness of carpet - yes - there is a blue dial on the front that adjusts to different thicknesses . 
3 bags per package . they are small and fill up quickly 
because it 's not really a good vacuum cleaner . it will serve the purpose , barely , if you 're on a budget , but do n't expect great performance . i put mine in a yard sale . 
10 
one . 
i do n't think so . it would definitely spill . 
hi molly , i would say it is about 6 '' but i need to get you the exact measurement later . do you have a restrictions on the distance ? thanks -freddy 
not sure what normal smarties are . i looked it up and discovered what you meant . this would be perfect for m & ms and smarties . when dispensing m & ms , because they are somewhat polished , just hold your hand around the container you 're dispensing to to avoid the candies bouncing around or it may not even do that . i use it for dispensing cereal . i hope this helps . 
i have only had to change the filter once so far , and it is easy . you just remove the front cover , pull the old one out ( have a trash bag handy because ours was gross and covered in dust ) . then pop in the new one . 
the standard filter is the one listed here : http : www.amazon.com alen-hepa-pure-bf35-replacement-breathesmart dp b00bwsb2p6 ref=pd_sim_hg_5 on the amazon page . the price is $ 64 for a replacement or even cheaper if you subscribe to a replacement plan . 
the unit figures that out for you depending upon how you use it and at what speed . my filters seem to last about 9 months or so . 
hard to say . 
alen brearhsmart does not emit ozone . it has been tested and is more than 100 % safe . your tv or microwave emits more ozone than this beneficial machine . air purifiers like all appliances emit some amount of ozone but this alen is one of the best . call them if your worrie , or get more info from their website . 
i would say no . you can balance them on top of each other , but no guarantee of not falling . 
china 
i sit on it in the morning to put my shoes on and it is very sturdy at 150 pounds . 
thank you for your inquiry . the bench 's overall size is 40 '' w x 14.20 '' d x 22 '' h. if you have any further questions , please do not hesitate to let us know . 
it 's 22 '' high . a great height for sitting and removing or putting on shoes . we have a long decorative pillow that rests against the wall at the back of it -- just for looks and a little padding at your back . we decided not to get a cushion -- no one sits on it for over a minute at a time anyway . 
it is not solid wood is works well for our small corner for shoes it 's nice but not high quality 
product dimensions : 40 x 14.2 x 22 inches ; 40 pounds the organizing place 
good morning , kris . the dimensions are 20 '' w x 22 '' d x 72 '' h. i hope you find this information helpful . adreanna - plow & hearth customer service 
good afternoon kt . yes , this item does require some assembly . i hope this information is helpful to you . meghan - plow & hearth . 
good morning , ryan . yes , if you purchase two units they will flush together perfectly . i hope you find this information helpful . adreanna , plow & hearth customer service 
consumer reports rated it best stick for pet hair . 
there are no attachments . it only comes with the tray into which to plug the charger . this does not take the place of a full vacuum cleaner but is meant as a quick and easy cleaner . it is also good on picking up dog hair . i use it in between cleanings . 
it has a separate charger . the plug goes into a cradle type thing on the floor which charges it , similar to a cordless phone . i keep mine plugged in in a closet and just place it in the cradle until the light tells me it 's charged . 
i 've had mine for over a year . i just keep it on the charging base , use it , and put it back . i have never drained the battery , and i 've noticed no drop in battery life with it being on the charging base 24 7 . 
works great , stays charged for several days ... .i also have wood laminate flooring and it 's safe , i got it just for my wood laminate floors which are dark and show dust ! works very well , love mine ! 
good question ! since my litter box was not far away , i thought i would check . yes it does ! although i noticed in an area that had a heavier amount , the shark kicked some back towards my feet but was soon vacuumed up . i also noticed that it did a great job along the edge of the molding . 
it 's not high . the chair is n't nearly high enough or big enough for my 5 ' 11 1 2 '' frame . head hangs over the back , legs hang over the footrest . a smaller person would find the chair quite comfortable , i think . 
there is a side release very easy and to get back easy to push down with the leg takes very little wall space in recline pos . hope this helps n 
stationary 
the photo is correct . i would call it light tan . 
i do n't know , but you better have extra strong legs , it was impossible for me to get the recliner down with my legs . had to give it away 
yes , i believe the information that came with the set stated that the lids were ovenproof up to 350 degrees and the pots themselves up to 500 dgrees , but you might want to double check that information with the manufacturer . 
no , you can not . it will scratch and ruin them . 
yes electric and gas safe even works good in oven 
its a joke jacquelyn ! ! i had one of my pieces start to peel so i emailed the company . after waiting 3 days for them to return my email , they told me that in order for them to replace my warped pieces , i would have to pay them like $ 7 per item just to be examined and determine if it was used on high or not before they would even consider replacing it . then , you have to pay the s & h both ways too . i said forget it and i am going to use my piece till i cant anymore then find another brand . they should stand behind their products and do the replacement of damaged items for free ! ! i have babied my items ! ! ! i am so frustrated especially since i spent countless hours researching and reading reviews trying to find the best deal on cookware that i hoped would last a lifetime but it is clearly disappointing me ! i loved mine before my frying pan started to peel ! ! ! 
i do n't believe there is a spaghetti strainer in this set . i gave the set to my daughter in law for christmas last year , and i do n't recall that the strainer was included . she loves the pots and pans though ! ! ! ! great buy ! 
no , the pots are the same color top and bottom . 
yes they are tempered glass 
sorry , do n't have an answer to that question , but i love the set i have ... thinking it 's probably the classic . 
hi , the slots are 1.5 inches wide and 5.5 inches long . we buy various whole grain breads such as pepperidge farm , orowheat , etc . and they go in fine . if your slice is over 5.5 inches , it might be a tight fit . i agree with lisa g. , some breads you will have to trim a bit . 
hi david , i just measured the cord on my toaster it is 22 inches from the side of the toaster body to the plug , the plug adds about two inches to the end of the prongs but that is not useful of course . it goes into the toaster body about 2 inches from the end with the controls , if you look at the end of the toaster with the controls the cord comes out on the right hand side about 2 inches from the controls end . jim 
no , mine still works and i still love my russell hobbs ! 
i think it toasts remarkably evenly , even with frozen bread and bagels . 
it does not say on the toaster , however i measured it with my watt hour meter and it uses 820 watts . the one i have toasts very nice and is consistent from slice to slice . 
250 lbs 
plastic or wood . never use metal . and when cleaning just use a soft sponge . never use the abrasive side . 
the bottom of the pan is about 10 1 2 '' and the top is 12 '' . fantastic pan especially with the lid . i just bought the 9 1 2 '' one . they have an embossed coating so nothing sticks . 
i would absolutely by this pan again , i have had it now for a number of months , probably use 3-4 times weekly ... rarely with non-stick friendly tools ... and it is showing no sign of wear . recommend highly ! 
sorry , i have no idea ... 
not sure but i would not recommend the pan . it tarnished easily . i bought a $ 10 pan from walmart after i invested in two of these pans that stand up to heat and cleaning much better . 
maybe 6-8 , depending on the size ? i only have one large garlic salt and three of the tiny size mccormick containers . i uploaded a picture of my spice rack filled up for reference . it should appear in the customer image gallery shortly . 
i just tried one to check , it fits perfectly . really neat idea ! 
i think it could . 
2.25 '' wide for all shelves and 5 '' tall for middle and lower shelf 
it will work ... but you have to not care about your tea bags sitting straight , they will sit at an able . 
yes . i do n't know exactly what an imac weighs , but the unit is very solidly built . i 'd guess its working capacity is somewhere above 50 pounds . you 've got four solid steel cylinders supporting a sheet of 7 16 '' glass . 
the glass is of good quality and thick . yes , weighs 9lbs . but it is far worth it . very nice piece . i will buy another soon . 
yes my stainless steel straws fit into these lids . enjoy ! 
no , lid itself measures 2 1 2 `` , adding part that screws to jar , total diameter is 2 3 4 '' . 
to stop rust , just wipe dry with cloth . 
only received the lid . it fits my 16oz jar and 8oz jar with a wide mouth . 
no they only fit regular mouth jars 
it fits a large straw . the straw that comes with it is a bit larger than those colorful striped straws you can buy by the box at walmart . i love my lid and straw . i use it all the time . hope this helps . marie 
greed 
sorry i dont know exact measurement but its like a regular straw mayb a little bit wider ... similar to a mcdonalds straw if that helps . 
yonanas creates a much smoother and creamier product than either of the other machines . fro frutti looks like a cheap play dough machine and is all plastic . bullet knocked off the fro frutti design but still uses plastic blades . yonanas uses stainless steel blades and is easy to use and clean . 
you can use any type of frozen fruit . i 've used berries and pineapple , and they worked just fine . 
not really . it 's designed to turn frozen fruit into a creamy ice cream like dessert . it has no freezing capacity . 
the one that i purchased works on 110v . see if the company offers and equivalent for uk . otherwise , you can always get an adapter that will convert from 110 to 220v . cheers ! 
no not that i remember . could have maybe been some sterilizer left over from manufacturing ? hopefully one time event . 
no , unfortunately not ... ..it would be nice though ! : ) 
i think it does well on odors , but my alen 350 does better . this is quieter tho , so i prefer it for my bedroom . have n't tried it on car fumes . 
no~ require one machine which can change 220v into 110v . 
it 's more of a deep red 
yep do n't buy it if u do n't like cheap or if u have dogs that she 'd it 's nice but i bought it and it immediately got ruined . even with the first wash ! ! 
actually have not open it yet , in process of remodeling a room and took a delay to the holidays . sorry i can not help you ! 
its burgundy . 
it 's not too bad after washing . holds together nicely , but you may have to steam out some of the wrinkles . 
hi margaret , this purchase was the for a twin bed . it hangs nicely . just like the picture of it on the site . sorry that i could n't help . 
yes it is very easy to clean and there is one small attachment that comes off . it is also very quiet and you can add any combination to make a froth . 
the factory preset temperatures are : 60c ( 140f ) , 80c ( 176f ) , 85c ( 185f ) , 88c ( 190f ) , 96c ( 205f ) and 98c ( 208f ) . the factory default temperature is 185f ( 85c ) . once you manually set the temperature , it will always default to that temperature until you choose a different setting . 
there are a couple places where the water contacts plastic . the pour spout has a micro screen in it -- the screen frame is made of plastic . it clips in place so it could be removed . there 's also a clear plastic fill gauge that 's part of the handle -- water comes up in it . that gauge is attached with some sort of soft gasket material which contacts water . finally , the lid and the part that it attaches to are also plastic -- steam contacts those . 
there is a `` hold '' button which , when activated , will hold the temp for 1 hour . 
well , while not being quiet from perhaps 130 or so degrees on the way up to perhaps 195 , it 's not as bad as other kettles i 've had . it gets quieter once you get up near 200 degrees as it cycles on and off ( and i think also uses a lower power setting , but i have no way to confirm ) . our kitchen is right next to our bedroom , and when i fire it up it never wakes up my wife . this is the person who can sometimes hear my music through my headphones from the other end of the house in the living room , perhaps 100 feet away . so your mileage may vary . not as quiet as a kettle on the stove , but i ca n't set a kettle on the stove for oolong tea temp ( 185 degrees ) for an hour without dire consequences . it works great for me . 
the company told me it was before i ordered it . 
it can be done but it takes practice . i bought this model because of its water capacity . i have also used the gooseneck model and its very controlled . they are both great products . 
i am not entirely sure but i think not . the hold goes off after a few minutes , i think . i have it set to hold sometimes , inadvertently set it that way i guess , and notice that it stays at the set temp for minutes at a time . but i am the sort of person who would let it boil dry and it has not happened so i am thinking it turns itself off after a time . i did just break the lid off though , which is a drag . wish it were made with metal hinges rather than plastic . 
it 's a kettle . you do n't brew tea in it . 
you would have to hold the lid open and stir continuously and very rapidly with a long-handle spoon in order to keep the intense heat of the bottom plate from burning the milk that is in contact with the hot bottom plate . 'probably would work once and then you 'd have such a sticky , burnt , mess that you 'd throw it away . on the other hand , for heating milk , the double-boiler on the stove is vastly safer from burning and requires very little attention while heating . 
it 's surprisingly fast . 60f to 150f takes 4 min . once it reaches 175f or so the pid kicks in and start predictively slowing down so as not to overshoot . it finally reaches 190f at about 8 min . 
yes , it has an automatic shutoff or shuts off if the pan is removed . 
and the answer is ... ... .11 and 3 8ths inches wide , 13 inches deep and 2 and 5 8ths inches high . the diameter of the cook surface is 8 inches . 
it is a more functional cooktop with timer and more varying ranges of temperature over all a much more efficient model . but the 1700 is just a basic cooktop . still a good model . 
i use my wok on my induction top , the heat spreads evenly around . you could also try a metal ring to make it more sturdy . bon appetite 
must use stainless that is magnetic.most stainless is not . 18 12 stainless ( most common ) is not 20 14 ? is . most cookware is not usable on induction . those that are are usually clearly noted . when shopping take a magnet . if it sticks to the cookware it will work 
i use it more like a heat level setting 10 being the highest . meaning 10 heat up food the fastest . 
hi . yes . it makes a bit of a squeal . and varies with different cookware . but nothing too loud or obnoxious . i think it 's normal for this type of cooktop . 
probably 4-5 minutes 
seems not . 
no ! actually there are n't . i was really surprised because the fabric is so beautiful and of such nice quality . i quickly stitched some ribbon in each corner and its worked just fine . 
the queen size duvet cover measures 92 '' x 96 '' . 
just the cover i have 3 and they are great 
hello , i just did a test order and the free shipping was applied correctly for the marrakesh comforter cover . if there are other items in your order not sold by warm things or items that do n't qualify for our shipping promotion , the free shipping promotion would not apply to those items . also , if you are having the product shipped within california , taxes are applied to orders placed with warm things . lastly , the free shipping promotion applies to standard shipping only , not expedited shipping . if you have additional questions feel free to email us directly . i hope this is helpful . 
the free shipping is on orders greater than $ 150.00 purchase 
only in a microwave oven . wrap a damp paper towel around tortillas . heat for about 30 seconds . 
inside diameter is 9 '' . inside depth is 2 1 4 `` . 
10 in . outside , 9 in . inside , good for pancakes too 
32 '' to 40 '' is a good guess . the length of the cable is not as important as the length of the pull . the mechanism does n't care how much is coiled up in the chair or sofa . it needs a particular length of pull . there is hardly a piece of furniture out there that will need a cable this long , but it allows it to be more universal . 
i believe just a phillips screw driver 
i 'm pretty sure that include all the packaging etc . lots of protection for the glass etc . 
the height from the floor to the glass is around 29.9 inches or 759.46 mm . 
these mugs are imported from england . 
these will hold 11 ounces . 
yes , indeed ! they are microwave safe . i have had mine for nearly two years , use them in the dishwasher and the microwave - just about every day - and they are every bit as beautiful as they were the day i got them . 
the height is 12 '' total ; the bottom basket is 10 '' across and 3 '' deep ; the top basket is 81 2 '' by approx . 2 3 4 '' deep . 
the stand is 11 inches high overall . the baskets are 9 inches in diameter . 
i do n't think so . doing so would probably cause the basket to tip too far forward once any kind of weight is placed in it . 
top basket is 8.5 in , bottom is 10.5 in , and it takes up 11.5 inches overall . 
top basket is 8-1 2 '' ; bottom basket is 10-1 2 : '' the height is 13 '' to the top of the handle . 
steel ... excellent product ... i simply love the design and space saving value . 
i was told by a sleepy 's sales rep that you can use an adjustable base with this mattress . 
yes you would need a foundation of some sort . i personally purchased an adjustable base and it works great . i demoed a few other high end mattresses before this , and i can say this is great . 
a queen size sheet fits this mattress 
the list of features clear state 20 year warranty . 
yes- though note that this mattress requires a platform bed frame , or a box spring . 
yes . that is why i bought it in the first place ! and it worked ! 
2 lids are in the set . very handy for heating small bowls or cups in the microwave . i love these . 
it sure does if the top of the glass is smooth . no problem . i just did it a night or so ago as i had poured too much . 
the lids have a rubbery feel to them . it 's a synthetic material that is used in a variety of ways including bake ware . hope this helps . 
sage green 
sorry , not a clue . not the softest fabric in the bin but good quality . i 'm very pleased with it . generous sizing ( i have queen bed and some queen comforters do n't have enough overhang to cover the mattress ) . 
yes 
flat belt : i measure an inside circumference of 14.5 '' by 9 16 '' wide by 1 8 '' thickness obtained using a 1 32 '' accurate measure-tape affixed to a flat surface . i carefully marked the inside of belt and rolled it from mark to start again . i have not tried them on my kenmore yet , so i am hoping i bought the correct spares . 
yes 
approx . 20 '' wide x 21 '' tall x 2 1 2 deep ( interior ) bays are 2 1 2 x 2 1 2 
i do not know christopher . i sent it to my granddaughter for a christmas gift and she loves it . seems like it is like 30-36 '' square with a glass door . my son was impressed with the craftsmanship as well . he works with wood . lp 
made in china . 
sorry , no . 
good grief ! the smallest is approximately 2.5 '' x 2.5 '' and the largest is 5.25 '' x 2.75 '' . the rest are probably close to those dimensions . not going to measure all of them for you . there are probably some slight differences from case to case . 
yes it has two strong hooks on the back . was very easy to install . 
yes ! ! but count the squares , it will only display that many shells . 
please read the full description - it tells you everything you need to know . 
you have to remove the tray from a keurig but it fits under it . not sure if that helps . 
yes 
stainless . only the lid is plastic . 
16 oz . 
yes , top shelf dishwasher safe . i love mine ! 
to be honest i really can not answer that one . i did not pay attention to what the box said when i bought them , and it does n't say on the order . sorry . 
~8.75 inches tall . base has a diameter of 2.5 inches . fits my car 's cup holder fine . 
yes but i would advise against it as there is no way to clean inside of lid and it gets filthy ! 
did n't say nothing about temp . but it was still hot 
it is quite easy . the lid opens and closes with a flip of the thumb . 
is n't everything made in china ? great insulated cups . poorly designed tops . 
the lid has a lever on it , it the lever is up it is open , down it is closed . works fine used this several months and no leak at all . the lid screws on and you use it like any other mobile cup . 
no . tried it . have n't been able to find a bucket that it will fit yet . 
it works very well . when i received it was brand new . package well , in prefect use , not damage . it do wonders 
im not sure exactly how to answer this question . but the cheap mops from family dollar work . u just have to leave it twisted when u wring . sams club r bigger n hold u better . most water wrings out . if u want a small mop though i personally would get a smaller wringer . 
product dimensions : 19.8 deep x 42.2 wide x 39.5 inches tall ; 60 pounds make sure you include any wall outlets that are under the desk when you measure the height on the wall . it will save you a lot of frustration ! we love the desk and it is sturdy and well made . very different having it on the wall . makes the room look more spacious . 
height : 39 3 4 '' width : 42 1 4 '' depth : 19 3 4 '' 
yes ! 
yes just two or 4 holes no ignorance good question 
the desk comes in black , white , and espresso . it is made of carb-compliant , laminated composite wood . best regards , netrush 
it is particle board . 
it 's wood . 
yes 
it comes unassembled but was not difficult to put together 
sorry , not at this time 
yes it is definitely sturdy enough . i currently just have a decanter on top , but could easily hold several liquor bottles . 
19 1 4 '' wide , 12 1 2 '' deep , 37 1 2 '' tall 
37.75 x 19 x 12.5 
thicker . they are holding up well . a good buy . 
no scratchines at all ever . only consistently super soft . some pilling from use does happen ... 
hold down the time & power buttons for 3 seconds to reset . 
yes . does not matter where the smoke comes from , will clean any any smells that get sucked into the machine . 
unknown . because the uv is a feature that you can turn off or on , you do n't have to use it . the unit itself does a very good job without the uv . you could try calling the manufacturer-their website does n't mention the type of uv light , but customer service might . 
its the uv 
this unit tpp540 do not produce any ozone . 
no , u vaccuum it when the warning light comes on 
no or does n't 
no , there are no lights 
this vanity does not have lights . 
yes that is correct , there are no pre-drilled holes . 
the top is painted wood . the first thing we did was go to a glass shop and have a piece of glass cut to fit the top to prevent stains on the white paint . that has worked very well . 
24 inches . 
i do't want this pots do not send me them please . 
the holes are about 1 4 inch across 
yes it does work on induction cook top 
just to add to this conversation , even if many month later : i called all clad and they said the tea kettle is made in china . most of their products are . made i n the us ! except for specialty items like this . it is made in an all clad factory , not sub-contracted out , and it is made to their specs and monitored , as they do in all their factories . given this response i am going to buy the tea kettle because i have had their cookware for many years and am satisfied . i have to trust them , even though i am not in the h a it of trusting corporations anymore , in particular those having anything to do with the growing and preparation of food . 
keep the kettle on a burner smaller in diameter than that of the kettle and the handle stays cool . 
my paperwork says there is a lifetime warranty for defective construction , material or workmanship under normal use . they did respond quickly and repaced my first kettle because it did n't whistle because spout cap did n't seat correctly . the new one works great , very happy with it and it whistles nice and loud . 
the one i bought today says made in china . 
it depends on whether you are going to watch it or not . 
it appears to be about 10 inches . it covers the gas burner grill plate on my stove . great kettle and does n't show burn marks . 
yes , you can keep the whistle lid open to pour the water . this is my second all clad whistling tea kettle . the first one did not whistle and this one does whistle but you will not hear it if you move out of the kitchen . it is not the best whistling kettle . my first one i returned to the company because it just did not whistle at all . all in all , i am not as happy with this all clad kettle because of the weak whistle . 
600 to 1100 depending on windows , ceiling height , and where you live at . i am in arkansas with no windows 800 sf and it does a great job of cooling even as low as 65 degrees on a 90 degree day outside . 
we just had a week of 15-25 degree days and it consistently blew about 80 degree air . should be no freeze up as freeze up is from humidity . 
the power for the `` split unit '' is supplied by the compressor unit . the compressor unit in this btu capacity requires 220vac . 
no . 
r410a of course ... . ( selling r22 units is illegal now ) . 
code depends on area it 's being installed but i 've never seen code be above 36 '' 
yes . our tv is sony 4k 65 '' and it looks beautiful with this stand . i could n't be happier . it is made in canada so it 's a very good pice of furniture . 
this tv stand is designed for tv 's 37 '' -55 '' . 
according to the manufacturer specs , 150 # . 
shelf depth is 17.5 '' . please refer to the alternate image which includes all dimensions for this item . 
hi , yes . i assembled it all by myself & was quite easy . 
yes 
mine came with one . if yours did n't or you need another , go to the irobot site : http : store.irobot.com auto-virtual-wall product.jsp ? productid=3393541 & cp=3744764.3358508 & parentpage=family also available at amazon , but i just see a two-pack for $ 104.00 not shipping prime . so the other site is a better deal . or you could check best buy . hope this helps ! 
esthela , maybe t there 's something stuck inside , or wound around the roller or brush ? otherwise , i have no idea . good luck ! 
no , this is pretty basic . but it does pick up an appalling amount of dust and pet hair , returns to the dock automatically , and avoids stairs and carpet fringe . it 's running now , as a matter of fact . we 're loving it , and are seriously considering buying another one or even two , as we have a large 3-level home . 
this model roomba is 22v and comes with a recharging station which is specific for the unit . there are no international adapters ; it 's a 2 pronged american style plug . you 'd better check with the manufacturer to see if the charging unit is compatible with an adapter . 
yes 
i do n't believe it will . 
yes 
yes , the maximum length of the window slider kit is 48 '' and can be used in a vertical or horizontal configuration ( either type of window ) . 
6 '' diameter and 4'9 '' length 
it is a standard 110 , 15-amp , 3-prong plug . the plug is rather large because it houses a circuit breaker ( l 3 1 2 '' x w 1 3 4 '' x d 1 '' ) . it will only fit in the lower socket of a standard 110 receptacle without blocking the upper receptacle . 
the a c comes with an exhaust hose and window kit . you need to install the exhaust hose through the window so that the warm air can be vented out . 
yes , the unit has castors wheels which make it very easy to move around and station . 
plastic cooling fan that cracks and makes noise . 
i believe it does have a condensate pan . 
srunk down about 16 '' , stretched out , it 's about 72 '' 
yes , you can set the desired temperature . 
yep ! i used the detachable handheld part to clean my tub ! 
i had a different model b & d steam cleaner before . it did n't last 2 years , but they did honor the 2 year guarantee . they told me this one has a different steam mechanism . 
25 feet long 
the one i purchased is 110v . you need to specifications while purchasing . in case you receive other voltage you need to buy stepdown or stepup transformer off 2500watts . product specification is 1500watts but need 2500. else transformer will go bad . 
i 've only used it on hardwood and ceramic tile . however , a carpet glide is included in the accessory package that is used for `` carpet refreshing . '' 
this version is the model that comes with a detachable handheld steamer ( bdh1850sm ) . what you are referring to is the model below this one which is bdh1760sm . bdh1760sm comes with what is called a lift and reach feature which is the triangular head you are referring to and does not come with the handheld steamer like in this current 2in1 model ( bdh1850sm ) on this page . 
i have never used it for this . i think you can steam to maybe freshen furniture , but not like stain removal . i love it for windows though ! hope this helps . i really like mine . 
voltage is for 120 
it works really well . the only complaint i would have is that the grout brush only lasted 1 cleaning . i will have to order another , or use the steam attachment and buy a nylon brush along with steam . 
no 
bonded leather 
the bottom is about 7 '' dia then the pot curves out to the 10 '' dia for the top of the pot . hope this helps . 
gosh , klegan , i have no idea . you may want to contact the manufacturer . wish i could help . good luck . sallie 
yes , easily . we put kale and spinach in ours and it turns out great . 
it does . it is plastic and easy to clean . 
not terribly bad . i have an acme juicer ( heavy duty ) http : www.amazon.com 6001-juicerator-550-watt-extractor-stainless dp b0028rxdfm ref=sr_1_1 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1400894810 & sr=1-1 & keywords=acme+juicer on my farm and it leaves really dry pulp ... .but ... .it 's more of a hassle to clean . it 's an okay juicer . you may also want to check out the champion juicer http : www.amazon.com heavy-duty-commercial-juicer-in-black dp b000e4c53m which has the ability to run frozen fruit through it for sorbet-like frozen goodies . heavy duty ! at the price point the breville xl is a decent juicer that is well made , sturdy , and does the job . i am a value shopper so i chose the version with the stainless juicing piece as well as the stainless spigot . i do n't trust plastic much in the long run ... ... . the breville is a nice machine , well designed , heavy grade stainless and produces a good juice with some moisture left in the pulp . good luck ! 
i do n't know . sorry i ca n't help 
yes it does ! 
i believe the only difference is - one has a dvd which is `` bundled '' with the juicer , the other one does not . 
yes ! i load it with kale , carrots , beats , broccoli , cucumbers ... great juicer . 
i guess . it depends on how available fresh fruits and vegetables are . 
i do n't know . we never have tried . sorry 
not at all . this whole unit is junk , it barely even chills the water . i trashed mine a while back . 
1.5 m 
well i asked to replace with another one but they just credited my money back , and i paid shipping to send it back . they did n't pay me back , i 'm unsatisfied 
as far as i rember , it does have a switch for the heated water , i can only assume it has the same for the cold water . the unit works fine for us . it is very light duty , but it does work . if you are going to have more than four or five people use it at a time , you may want a bigger unit . 
probably about 3 1 3 ' 
it punctures the cap 
i had n't thought about the '' tang , '' so i googled oxo and tang and they claim `` full tang '' . i have always been pleased with anything i buy from oxo and i have n't had any problems with this set , so i am happy with my purchase . careful ... 
crazy super awesome sharp ! i use the heck out of these knives just about every day . love them ! 
mayo and butter . all the good stuff ; - ) 
i have always washed them in the dishwasher and so far not had any problems with it . 
the most common use for the spreader is for spreadable cheese and other spreads . place it on the tray with the crackers and spread when serving . also use it for spreading frosting on cupcakes and cakes . to smooth out the frosting , warm the spreader with warm water . dry it before using it on frosting . this entire set is awesome ! best knife set i have ever used ! 
i have a magnetic strip for a different set of knives , but i put a few of the oxo knives up to see if they would hang , and they were fine . 
there is no temperature setting . the instruction booklet tells you how long to cook the waffle . 
no , the model i received has no variable control or know , but it has a light when it says ready . i normally open it up earlier than the light tell me to for lighter waffles and have had no issues with sticking , or messes . 
just a few minutes . there is a light on the exterior that lights up when the waffle is finished cooking . so far , perfect every time . 
i say about 6 inches in diameter and fluffy , they are belgian style not eggo style . 
about 19 1 2 inches 
ralph - we offer in in the cracked ice red , grey , and yellow through amazon . 
the lid does not have a gasket . however i have not found that to be an issue - i do n't move it after i fill it . hope that helps 
a little over a gallon . maybe a pint more to the top 
china 
about one gallon of liquid . 
6 '' 
approx . 11 '' in height w o lid . 12.8 '' w lid . 
they do ! 
i love this dining set ! i keep getting compliments on it ! ! you have to have someone who can put things together well . my nephew did for me , everything has to be put together . the pedestal of the table is strong and base very heavy . the glass is very secure and held with very strong suction grips , not noticeable . no problem at all with glass sliding or tipping . i 've had for 5 1 2 months and very , very happy with it ! not to mention raymour & flanagan want so much more for this set ! ! 
thank you for your interest in our product . we have this table and chair set ship direct from the factory . because they are placed in one united package prior to shipping , we are only offer them together . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
i have never tired but the directions say you can . this is a great little heater .good luck . 
mine works fine , used it all last winter with no issues . 
manufacturer warranty is 1 year from date of purchase . 
about 8 inches wide . just an fyi , it does not spin and is pretty flimsy . 
no , it does not . it has a black felt velveteen material on the bottom . i am able to fairly easily `` twirl '' it from the top on my granite countertops but you have to turn the entire thing . 
it 's about 10 inches tall and holds 35 kcups . i love mine : ) 
i just found out they will ... .deep pocket sheets for oversized mattresses . the pockets are 14 '' deep and will fit up to a 16 '' mattress . - see more at : http : amadoragiftoflove.com shop products-page bed-sheets amadora-bed-sheets-king-size # sthash.ce2sl3wl.dpuf 
i do n't think so . here are the diminsions : 11 inches x 45 inches x 95 inches 
the queen set came with 2. i imagine the king set will come with 2 as well . 
i drive a vw bug & it does n't fit in my cup holders . 
yes , all regular wide mouth mason jar lids fit this jar . 
as far as glass goes it 's pretty durable . : ) it has n't been an issue for me . but i think you can get some kind of silicon holder for it that would help . by the way the lid fits on other mason jars - i use it on a large mason jar , too ! it 's a great purchase . 
yes it is . it is dishwasher safe , made in usa and bpa free . if you go to this website it will tell you the same : http : masonjars.com products venti-wide-mouth-mason-jar-recap-pour-cap-silver.html 
why not ? it 's glass and plastic ! i use mine all of the time so i ca n't afford to wait for it in the dishwasher . : ) soap and sponge works just fine . i drink a daily green juice with it so i usually like to wash it right away so as to avoid a dried film of veggies on the inside . i love my venti . 
they are made in the usa 
there are 2 1 shot and 2 shot . the physical size is the normal size but i dont know that it is a standard 
no . this unit is designed for a cup . if you use a small cup it may jump off the tray , as the whole unit does vibrate a lot . russ 
yes 
i wish i could help you with that question but unfortunately . i gave it for a gift 
i 'm not sure if they meet the actual hepa filter name requirement , but they do collect more dust than the standard filter . we have three dogs , two cats and two small kids . our neato and these filters make a huge improvement in the cleanliness and dust in our home . 
i think they are a knock-off as the neato name does not appear on them . worked fine . 
actually the one that came with it lasted about 6 months or longer , but my husband would clean it very well . these new ones are sorta plastic and i just washed them and let them air dry so i hope they last a long time . 
i had that repeatedly this week -- i removed the brush multiple times and could n't see a thing . eventually i found there was a clump of dog hair buried deep under the rubber band that makes the brush roll . only a tiny bit of it was poking out but eventually i was able to work the clump out completely . i find this message appears a lot less often if i empty the dirt bin before the machine asks me to - in the middle of a sweep , or while it is recharging before it goes out again . 
yes 
i use a canister vacuum . i have heard where other wash them in water but i have never tried that . 
only xv-21 
no . there us a new dust bin . see http : www.cnet.com products neato-botvac-70e-robot-vacuum enjoy 
the spigot looks like a very hard plastic . it certainly is not stainless steel . but the plastic is very tough ! 
we 've never had a problem getting a tall glass under it . i got this for my in-laws , so i ca n't measure it . 
no all one piece . top lid is the only thing that comes off . we love this item . looks great and is great for entertaining 
this beautiful dispenser is 24 inches tall . 
sorry i threw the box away . 
yes it does ... .it is beautiful ! ! ! ! ! lots of compliments on it . 
yes , there is a very similar dispenser available in 1.5 gallon . 
no 
the bottle probably could , but the cap would not . 
yes , it 's very sturdy i take it everywhere i go . i actually smacked it with a olympic size barbell the other day and it was fine . 
i 'm not sure what you mean by heat treated , but i use it for making hot tea . 
jar with cap is roughly 11.5 inches tall . 
there are no markings to indicate country of origin on the bottle i received . 
yep 
well , i 'm guessing about 1 and a half to 2 pounds empty . 
yes a quarter easily fits . 
it 's really light and great for younger kids ... 
yes , i use them in my kindergarten classroom . 
yes , and there are plastic cups found in the coffee isles in most supermarkets . the cups are designed to go into the keurig achines . i do n't care for them because they are a pain to clean as you have to get the grounds out of these cups to reuse the cups again . not a big deal , but there you are . 
http : kitchen.manualsonline.com manuals mfg keurig_inc b60_1_2.html ? idres=86967 . this is a link for a .pdf manual for a k-60 brewer , but the temp . adjustments are the same as the k-65 . just copy and paste the address to your web browser . by the way , 192 degrees is the default and it 's the highest temp it will go . you can only adjust it down . good luck.. 
yes , the k-cup has a fixed amount of coffee grounds in it so the strength is determined by cup size . 
i use a starbucks tall 12 oz cup with my keurig on a regular basis . yoy just have to take out the tray you usually would normally put a cup on . 
i do n't think so , but you can set it up so you only need to push a button and you have great coffee in about one minute . i think it 's fabulous..i used to do the automatic thing but this is better coffee and no fuss or mess . 
the max temp setting , ( default ) , is 192 degrees . you can adjust it down to 187 , minimum , so you have 5 degrees to work with . also , do n't overlook the automatic on off settings you can set . no sense to leave it on all the time if you are away all day . when the on time kicks in , it only takes a couple minutes before it 's ready to brew , then shuts down at the time you specify . if your home and the unit is off all you have to do is turn it on for a quick brew . good luck . 
it 's a small mesh covered charcoal filter that fits very easily at the bottom of the water reservoir . you 're supposed to change it every 2-3 mos . we have n't done done so yet because it 's brand new . 
yes , yes you can . there is a menu setting on the keurig that lets you set it up at a specific time you want it to be on so right before you wake up you get your cup of coffee in the morning . 
with the brew temp set at the default ( 192 degrees f ) a medium size cup takes 1 minute and 7 seconds . there are three cup sizes so naturally it would take slightly less time for the smaller cup and more for the larger cup . 
i have a 6 '' tall travel mug that fits if you remove the base that the cup sits on 
faint outline maybe but no details ! 
no but i love the curtain 
it is a silky fabric , really very lovely and also washable ! 
yes 
do n't waste your time and money ! ! mine came in damaged ! looked like it was ran over by a train ! ! i sent it back . and it was cheap quality 
yes , the back does come off . 
total of four . three pieces that form the back and one seat on a frame . all pieces are contained in one enormous box that weighs over 300 lbs . the shipper `` drops '' it off ... so be prepared to need help . 
thank you for your interest in our product . this product will be back in stock in august . please reference item # lr0143 and place your purchase later . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
absolutely love the furniture and it was a great deal . so comfortable . you do need about a foot from the wall though . even in my very small living room this is not a problem . 
the sheets have the wwe logo 
yes & yes : ) my son absolutely loves them and i have washed the sheets 3 times already and the colors are still as bright as when i received them . hope this hleps 
10x8x4 '' 
no it does n't . 
no , but this unit comes with a gold filter . makes great coffee ! 
it will hold 2 level tablespoons 
no . 
120v is what the coffee maker says 
about a minute or less 
it comes with its own filter and use i regular coffee not the single cup coffee . 
no idea , there is nothing stamped on the spoon rests themselves to indicate where it originated . the packaging might have said but that went in the trash as soon as i got them . 
the little red item is an ear-bud holder ( random , i know ) . you can stick the buds in the little indents then wrap the cord around the red thing so it does n't get tangled . at least that 's what the little red thing was that came with my set ! hope this helps ! 
no , it 's real easy to clean , there 's a tray on the bottom that lifts out it catches all the sediment from the water.. ( bacteria ) the tray is dishwasher safe . all you need to do is get some type of algae and odor treatment , and use it in the water regularly to control build up 
no filter needed , i 'm telling you i am thrilled with this warm mister it 's so easy to clean . 
yes 
the height is very good i liked look beautiful . 
i have a 55 inch vizio smart lcd tv and it is perfect . 65 might be pushing it . there would be enough room , but depends on the weight of it . 
the table has 3 shelves . the overall width is 54 inches , overall height to top of table is 21.5 inches , overall depth is 17 inches the bottom tier is 17deep x 49.5wide with 8 inches headspace . the middle tier is 49.5 wide x 15 deep x 8 inches headspace , the top tier is 54 wide by 13 deep 
no it does not . it 's just flat on the back . 
i pull out the two bottom trays to fit my 14 oz travel mug under the nozzle . i have a 10 oz one that fits without taking the trays out . 
ms. maria , according to roxygirl down below approximately 200 degrees which is what the bunn states in their description of the unit . i personally have never tested it , ( no thermometer ! ) but i assure you in all regards it is hotter than my old keurig , cups are not only hotter but richer in flavor ; i use pulse with all drawers if you have one . one of the main reasons i chose this unit was because of that temp and i have not been let down yet . keep in mind though that they 're are four drawers and all will affect temp . the hot water pass through & keurig drawer are hottest because of quick pass through followed by pod & ground drawer . now , i mostly use the grounds drawer with ultra fine ground so i am slowing down the brew process and the temp by default . so , if you were using the grind drawer and adding cream sugar i 'd have to say your temp could be less by 20-30degrees , maybe possibly more but still hotter than the keruig or many other units . i love this machine though quirky , loud , and slightly messy at times ; it tends to sputter when doing kcups but after 4 pots inc.. the cruisinart cadillac unit i 'll take mr.sputters any day of the week ! please forgive , i am a touch chatty and overly descriptive in my answers ; ) & gt ; ... 
it comes with the feature in which to place your k-cup for brewing . it is by far our most favorite & most used item in our household : - ) 
yes using grounds . pods or bags . 
based on the pictures of the tassimo t-discs , i would guess they can not be used in the bunn mcu . the pods we used when we had the bunn were senseo pods . not always easy to find in stores , but amazon.com carries a whole lot of flavors . 
i would say a 80-100 pounds its heavier than a spring matress but way more comfortable 
yes it has a zip cover 
this company actually shipped me the wrong product . i did go into mattress firm and got one almost similar . when you say adjustable bed frame do you mean one that fixate different level on different sides ? 
yes it is . 
usa 
standard queen size mattress , 60 in 80 in 
yes . use 50 % power or the defrost setting . start at 45 seconds , take them out and `` squish '' the bag . adjust your time accordingly . if your melts are a little thick , add a little solid vegetable shortening to thin it . 
i 've never used grip2go but from the look of it they seem to look the same . i 've been using daymark hand-e-grip for a long time now . very happy with them and i have bought them in just about every size . 
no they are not . 
these are thick . i have not used the wilton ones , but my mil has and said these felt thicker . she said that her wilton ones would sometimes burst at the seams , but i 've never had an issue with these . 
yes 
no 220v . 110v only 
plug in 
about 3 or 4 minutes aproximatelly . 
yes , there is an illuminated power button which is the mickey on the front of the warmer . 
the box states made in china 
2 prong ! 
when the handle is to the right you see mickey 's front , handle to the left , you see his back . 
yes . it will leak . there is not a stopper to prevent spills . although , if knocked over on to its side , it would be a small spill if caught quickly . 
i use my cuppow lids for hot espresso drinks , i do n't think hot water would be a problem . i also have ran them through the dish washer without any issues . have had mine for almost 2 years . 
you can pour from it ... it 'll just be a slow pour . the hole is about double the size of a straw . hope that helps . 
3.5 min on a 1200w microwave 
if you want to put just regular kernels in there i suppose that would work . if you plan on putting a bag of microwavable popcorn into the bowl then absolutely not . 
if you are making converted rice , put in two cups of liquid to one cup of rice . ( i use chicken broth . ) program your microwave for 5 minutes on high , 13 minutes on medium , let stand for 5 minutes in the microwave , fluff with a fork , and serve . 
i do n't know why it would n't be . it 's well made . 
there are four clips that attach the lid to the main boel . 
i always do just a bit . not sure if there are rules about when to do or not to do . 
i believe so . it 's made in australia . they have higher standards than us . 
go on utube and search for sistema microwave containers range , they have ideas . 
no 
it looks the same but i 'm not sure . this one is not as sturdy as i 'd hoped . 
i do n't know if amazon ships to nz but you can always check ebay . i carry them from time to time . http : www.ebay.com usr nanassecretstash 
hello anthony , you got me thinking now about whether the opener can open powerade bottle caps . i looked at the photo and even though it does n't show any 1.5 '' caps , it does say 3 interchangeable size caps are available on their website . maybe they have a q & a section . for $ 25 ... it should do more than water bottles . it will open your water bottles and aluminum soda cans as well , just twist off and is open . if needed , set of 3 interchangeable plates are available at magic opener web page . - h a p p y - o p e n i n g ! ! ! ! 
i do n't think so . boost bottles have a larger cap . it will not open a kellog bottle . there is an open that costs about 7.00 on amazon that opens larger cap bottles . best regards , ron 
it opens water bottle , liter bottles of soda and cans with a pop top . i bought this for my 80 year old mother who has bad arthritis and she loves it . she has it on her refrigerator door and uses it all the time . 
yes it will.it will also open up pepsi and squirt 
yes , my mother ( 88 yrs . old ) uses it to open her milk with pull-out plug . she was unsure it would work but was pleasantly surprised that it did . 
it comes with it . ours was assembled completely in about 15-20 minutes . 
there is a height setting specifically labelled 'bare floor . ' it falls between a regular carpet and low carpet settings . but the brush does not necessarily turn off . this may or may not be an issue . when i use it , there does n't seem to be an issue with the brush scuffing my wood floors . 
yes . i use it once a week and i own a cat . it does a great job keeping the hair under control . 
yes , that 's all i have . easily switches between wood floors and rugs . 
page 2 of the owner 's manual should help you : http : www.eureka.com filelibrary 5b852a95868f45b994e56c2dbe79f39e en_83334a_ownersmanual.pdf 
no . 
you are correct . the depth - defined as the distance from the wall to the leading edge - is 5.25 inches , and the height - from the bottom of the shelf to the top - is 3.25 inches . 
the shelf is partially hollow inside to accept the mounting system . 
you might want to ask ez shelf . they are pretty easy to get a hold of . the way i have mine setup , no , you need a back wall for the center support . and i 'm pretty sure that 's what they will tell you , but you can see what they say . there are configurations ( for a few more dollars ) if you just have a back wall but no side walls . 
it has n't as of yet . 
you will need 1 end bracket - for the rod and shelf . 
if you only have 1 side wall you will need an end bracket to mount 1 side to the back wall 
the sofa is 81 '' wide , 35 '' depth , and 36 '' high 
a light to medium tannish color , ,sost chenille type sturdy fabric , ,its nice youll like it , cant beat the price ... 
yes . the back cushions and the bottom cushions can both be removed . 
no ... comes in a few boxes . save your money and buy something else . 
i think the paperwork that comes with the sofa says 200-300 pounds . somewhere in that ball park . that is why mine collapsed when company came for easter . they sent me a new , upgraded , stronger , center support and so far so good . 
removable . you will need to rotate them every few weeks , otherwise they start to look a little lumpy 
my guess is single ply , i sleep in the middle of the bed and these are already getting rough feeling . i bet they are going to start pilling . 
they are beyond irregular . they are made completely wrong . the top sheet does not go from the top to the bottom . it 's twice as wide as it is long . totally to be avoided . 
china 
one queen oversized flat sheet measures - 94 '' x 106 '' thank you , mohammad customer service 
this sheet is single ply . thank you , paulina customer service 
yes 
i called cuisinart two months ago to ask the very same question . two of the customer representatives could not answer my question , but promised a technician would get back to me within two days . i 'm still waiting for that call . in the meantime , i can say that we really have enjoyed making yogurt with this machine , and that it must be fermenting at the right temperature as the yogurt consistently comes out creamy and delicious . we 've tried making it several ways , but have had the best success with boiling the milk first ( to 180 degrees ) , then having it sit until it cools to about 110 degrees . we then add 1 4 cup of organic yogurt before pouring it into the plastic container which is placed into the machine to ferment for 8 hours ( you can choose the number of hours based on your taste ) . what this machine offers that you can not currently get from the other yogurt makers , is the convenience of having the fermentation process shut off automatically at a chosen time ( 8 hours in our case ) and then having it switch to a cooling chill setting . i 've looked at several other methods of making yogurt , and found this to be the most convenient for us . knowing that i can make yogurt at any time of the day evening , and not worry about having to get up in the middle of the night to move it from a warming pad or warming machine to the refrigerator so not to over-ferment the yogurt , was the major reason i chose this machine . i can go to work and know that no matter how late i return , i will have fresh , delicious yogurt waiting for me in the machine , as the cooling setting stays on until you unplug the machine from the wall . i highly recommend this yogurt maker . 
you need to heat the milk on stove first . i tried my second batch with plain fage greek yogurt.i warm the milk as recommended . turn out very well . i set the temp.to 7 hours . it is very simple to use.great machine . i would recommended this machine.it is easy to use . 
yes . just set the timer for a shorter time . 
it is plastic 
yogurt naturally has whey in it . whey is a slightly yellow , watery liquid . you control the thickness of yogurt by the amount of whey liquid it has . when you make homemade , natural yogurt , it is about as thick as most store bought yogurts ( non-greek style ) . to increase the thickness you would strain out some whey liquid . i do this by using the cuisipro donvier yogurt cheese maker , which is just a small plastic box containing another box inside which has a metal screen for a bottom . i put the yogurt that i made in the cym-100 into the yogurt cheese maker and put that into the fridge for 1 hour . when i take it out i have super thick yogurt in the inner box and whey liquid in the bottom of the outer box ( which i pour out ) . greek yogurt is just super-thick yogurt . using this strainer i can make yogurt that is thicker than any greek yogurt that you can buy in the store . i luvluvluv the yogurt that the cym-100 and the yogurt cheese maker create ( and i *do* like it thick ) . just google `` how to make greek yogurt '' for a lot more info . 
the container that holds the yogurt is polypropylene . pp or plastic # 5. the good housekeeping web site lists glass and pp as bpa free for baby bottles . 
it may be difficult to find another one that fits well inside with the heating cooling element . it 's an odd shape . 
yes it does ! i use my yogurt maker twice a week and it 's fantastic ! nothing beats homemade yogurt ! ! 
i bought this set , the shams fit normal size pillows ... and i 've seen larger 12 piece sets that come with the small pillows and also curtains 
gray 
yes , i 've put it in washer ( cold water ) and dryer ( delicate ) and it still looks great ! 
the information was not available in the packaging , however , the quality of material is very poor . 
it has two pillow shams , but it does not come with any decorative pillows 
the fabric material is cotton . 
i do n't know . i do n't have them . maybe you can call the company selling the set . 
i do n't have measurement but it fits a queen size bed perfectly , could be used for a king but it would not drape over sides . 
yes 
22 wide,12d,64height 
the main shelf and top shelf are about 19 '' apart and the distance between the main shelf and iron that the glasses hang from is about 18 '' . 
it 's just the right size for a small wall like a small and tall rack 
yes it did , the only disappointed thing was the sleeves were n't numbered . 
all i know is that it fits regular dvds and cds . 
i do n't have those cases in my possession anymore , i gave them to my kids for christmas but it is a little taller than a cd so i 'm guessing around 7 or 8 inches to the top of the case . 
very thin . i just did a cucumber for salads and it 's fabulous . i love this gaget 
i used the spiral slicer for zucchini on the smallest setting and i steamed it and it did not fall apart . also , i put it in soup and it did not fall apart . 
yes it can work well with firm vegetables like carrots , zucchinis , turnips , rutabagas , cucumbers , large radishes and more ... 
not sure ... did n't read package , but it work awesome . good product ! 
not very wide . maybe 1 8 inch on the wider setting . 
i think the box is about 6 '' x 6 '' x 3 '' . 
i hope the following information helps you . towards the bottom of the list it tells you what the manufacturer states they are made out of . they are manufactured in china . perfect for baking cookies , biscuits , pies , pizza and more . *alternative to aluminum foil on baking sheets or pans . *can also be used as an oven liner . *microwave safe . *good for up to 500f on gas & charcoal grills . *made of ptfe ( pfoa-free ) non-stick material . *reusable , easy to clean and dishwasher safe . *measures 18 '' x 13 '' in size . *made in china . 
single pack 
i mean , how much bigger ? i wear a size 11 , and it fits me fine with a few inches left in the ribbons that tie the back . if they are n't long enough , you can always stitch a few inches of ribbon onto the ends . that 's actually what i 'm doing with the ribbon on the neck -- it 's too long for me , but if i cut and hem it , it 'll be too short , so i 'll be cutting it and then attaching a few more inches of plain back ribbon to the ends . 
hi , yes ! you are guaranteed to receive this item by june 12 ! thank you ! 
yes . my girlfriend , who is 5'1 , had to alter the neck strap becsuse it was to long on her 
dear katherine , sorry for the inconvenience . we do n't have child size . wish to serve you next time . best regards ! yours sincerely , abby 
almost 4 ft 
i think so . we have a 32 '' and game systems on it . it would probably make the dresser look really small though . if you 're just looking for sturdy ness then i 'd say it will do fine . 
just measure mine , i believe its 15 and a half inches by 47 inches ( thats both width and length ) 
we use this for my daughter . we actually have the set . the drawers are not overly deep but they do hold plenty of infant clothing . adult jeans , t-shirts , underwear , or shorts would fit just fine . the side cabinet is also a good place with plenty of room for the essentials or any of the other items i mentioned . the one thing i would say is the drawers do not pull out very far . but again , for a child this set is wonderful . we have the other matching pieces . 
i do not have the cabinet here , it was a gift for my daughter , but she said its about 15-16 inches wide on the inside . 
the back is not black . it is a tan light brown color . 
good morning , sterling . the vendor only provided us with the overall dimensions of 17-1 4 '' w x 10-1 4 '' d x 39-3 4 '' h. big thanks to kimm lieske for providing those dimensions ! adreanna - plow & hearth customer service 
good morning , tg . this item is made out of chinese fir wood . i hope you find this information helpful . adreanna , plow & hearth customer service 
it comes completely intact . lighter than you would think , but looks great in my house . 
good morning , monica . the item measures 17-1 4 '' w x 10-1 4 '' d x 39-3 4 '' h. i hope you find this information helpful . adreanna , plow & hearth customer service 
height : 16.6 inches length : 3 feet 6 inches width : 18.4 inches weight : 49.28lbs 
it 's a dark chocolate almost black . 
it is partical board with veneer coating for a nicer look . it is more sturdy then much else in the price range . 
it was moderately difficult it takes about an hour . 
this coffee table is 41 inches long , 18.5 inches wide and about 17 inches tall . good size and plenty of room for all your stuff ! 
yes this is espresso ( black ) the dark cherry is slightly lighter with a red tinge . 
the elite is built from heavy duty square tube steel frame , the other one just uses steel wire on top of the frame . if weight or ware is a concern go elite . 
yes , i always like to put something between the metal and the mattress . i used one of the thin pieces of foam . works great . 
it appears that there are slots that could accommodate attaching a headboard and footboard . however , i 'm not sure if you 'd need a broader surface to hold it sturdily . i found this on amazon which may of help if more structure is needed : platform frame brackets for headboard and footboard ( set of 2 ) by eco-lux 
http : www.amazon.com sleep-master-4-piece-bracket-platform dp b006mkig80 ref=pd_sim_hg_1 ? ie=utf8 & refrid=0hqn8095szpkxsaaq69d 
sure , married 12 years ..i am about 270 '' but was way more , he is 190 and we have all kinds of movements on it , its strong , not like the frame we hat before ( same kind but not elite ) this elite version is super strong 
you should definitely confirm with them , but probably . i 'd get an email or something from them , so that if you ever need to use the warranty , they ca n't claim you did n't properly support the mattress . someone on `` the mattress underground '' emailed tuft & needle about whether their 10 '' mattress would work with the not-elite version sleep master frame and they said that they used it themselves . http : www.themattressunderground.com mattress-forum general-mattresses 15142-the-10-in-tuft-needle-diary.html ? start=270 # 48372 since the casper is similar , i expect it 'll work . worst case is you might have to pick up some wood slats at home depot and lay them across the frame to shrink the grid size down to 3 '' -5 '' from the 6-8 '' i think it comes with . 
it 's good as is ... no need for additional slats . 
this mattress is very plush ! ! you will sink into it , but that is good if you have joint pain and back pain because you are supported all over ! ! 
sorry i ca n't help . we never received the heater . 
yes can put stuff on top 
it contains six quartz tube , quartz tube support the heating wire heating 
i actually do n't think it feels that heavy . i 'm a 31 year old mother of two , i weigh about 130lbs and i can safely pick it up and movie it upstairs . also i 'm a firm believer that if it weighs more that means there is more to it , and it will work better . i recently has a man come to my home to put oil in my tank for my furnace and he could n't believe how warm my house was with it on ! it was 28 degrees outside and that was the only source of heat i was using . i have n't needed to use my furnace at all yet , and my electric bill only went up about $ 28 , and i have the thing running literally all day on the highest setting . i love it ! 
if it 's not your mistake , and the item does n't work within a year , you can return it for a replacement or refund . if the heater parts damaged by buyer or the heater parts do n't work after a year , we can ship buyer a new heater part , but the buyer pays for shipping . 
i have a cuisinart 2 qt saucepan that fits this steamer on the 2nd largest ring . the diameter of that second ring on the steamer is somwhere between 6 3 4 and 7 in . the smallest ring is about 6 1 8 in or so . 
should fit nicely on contour saucepans 2 qt and up . 
yes . it fits on three of the pots because it has ridges that match them . 
no . i do n't believe it 's big enough . the most i 've felt comfortable with was vegetables for 6. i believe cuisinart sells a bigger one . you would also want a bigger steaming pot to go underneath it so that you could use more water for steam . although i 've never tried it a whole chicken definitely longer to steam . vegetables for 6 has never taken more than 15 mins for this product . things i love about this product ... easy to use and clean . steams a variety of vegetables evenly . 
yes model # 8080 is printed on the box . 
yes i am using it on primo 5 gallon jugs . it will work on the 3 gal also . i have 2 now . one for work and one at home . 
it works just fine on mountain valley spring water 5 gallon bottles . 
yes ... it has a very nice flow with decent pressure each pump . 
remember the neck of the bottle extends into the pump . my bottle is 19 1 4 '' tall and with the pump installed , the top of the pump bottle is 27 1 4 '' tall . the total additional height is 8 '' . 
just pumps it 
it will work with anything it fits on . theoretically , it should even work better with glass . 
it 's a pump , not a filter . 
the dimensions are 79 1 2l x 59 2 8w ( 79.5 x 59.25 - length x width ) and the units are in inches . i bought it as a queen size . 
you can get a box spring for it or a platform bed 
not at all . 
that 's correct . the version sold in the us does not have the quad blade and it 's not for sale as an add-on . if you go to their aussie site , you can find the quad blade there but i do n't know if they 'll ship it to the us . i have the single blade . works very well . the whole setup is about 3x as powerful as those tiny food processors and about 1 3 as effective as a full size standard cuisinart . gets the job done for me though . 
it does . and home depot has a stock slide-out shelf for bottom cabinets that fits it perfectly . here 's how the caddy looks ( this was the video that sold me ) : http : www.youtube.com watch ? v=-utx65djn38 
i use mine to make pasta dough so i would imagine it could handle pie dough . 
the bsb530xl all in one comes with a 1 year limited manufacturers warranty . 
yes it works 
the ricer masher was the first accessory i used , and yes it will make rustic , smooth and creamy mashers depending on how you set it up . 
i do n't know but it does have a speed adjustment and it has never 
this is expresso dark brown wood grain ; very nice . 
the middle shelf section is 21 '' wide . it 's a beautiful and sturdy unit and i highly recommend it ! 
its possible , but the doors are the part of the stand . if you want to assemble without the doors , you should check another `` open '' model than . 
hello . the dimensions are 47 1 8 '' w x 19 '' d x 25 3 8 '' h 
they are adjustable ! its a very nice unit ! 
about three feet , maybe a few inches more 
in the base of the tower.unscrew to attach base . 
no they are not , they project an area about a foot wide and 5 feet high 
i 'm guessing , anne but , i know it 's more than 180 degrees . i think the fan is wonderful ; i spend more time than usual in the bedroom ( i am disabled ) and today , for example , it was very warm . i had the fan on the next to highest setting and it got really comfortable in the whole room . it was also very quiet . and my fan is shielded from unobstructed circulation be two dressers . did n't matter . good luck ! 
its around 70cm length and 15-25 cm width thanks 
just under 1 foot . 
the reason to buy this fan is that it puts out a nice breeze and is very quiet . i purchased multiple of them for my house because they serve this purpose well . i would not purchase it for noise while sleeping -- if you are looking for noise , i would go with a product line that is not marketed as being quiet . this fan actually is quiet . 
it is a little quieter than our hoover upright but still far from whisper quiet . we bought it for our travel trailer and it does the job out there . the wife uses it some in the house because of the ability to get into tighter places . still it does interfere with watching a football game when she does this in the same room . 
very easy to use and change cleaning heads . it is so lightweight and easy to pull around so no backache . instructions are easy to read and when you buy one , they keep emailing you with hints and added information . if you have any questions about the unit you can call or email them and they will respond quickly . i love mine and would recommend it to anyone . 
do n't quite understand what your question is , but if you are wondering how this vacuum stacks up against a sears kenmore vac , i would say , `` very well '' . my previous vac was a consumer reports top-rated kenmore . it was a bagged , upright vac and did a nice job on our carpets , but i think the dyson does a better job and i 'm loving the lightweight canister , especially when i do the stairs . 
i got mine at costco . it was the animal plus and it came with two crevice tools , duster , angle duster , stair tool , extension hose , hard brush , smaller turbine . i do n't think you get all that when buying on amazon . you can get them on sale at costco right now for $ 360 . the sale ends today sunday , august 3. they go on sale there a few times a year . 
hmm , i 'm not sure since i never bother to turn the brush off even on laminate and tile floors . ( see answer from t. cail ) . but if you have to go from hard floors to carpet , i would avoid dyson . it is difficult to maneuver on my med-short carpet and most of the time the brush stops working because it gets stuck on the carpet . very frustrating . 
yes ... organic seems to do the best [ i use trader joe 's ] with a little torni salted caramel syrup [ sugar free ] smooth and creamy froth . fyi : almond milk does nothing . 
i fill the milk to the line indicated , turn on the button , and it gets hot and foamy all by itself . maybe your machine is defective ? 
sits on a base that 's plugged into the wall . 
malaysia 
pretty quick , c. 1 minute . i get it started just before i start running the espresso machine , never have to wait much . 
no ! ! ! ! 
if you want foamy - about 1 2 a cup . if you want just heat with a little bit of foam - at least 1 cup to 1 1 2 cup . it is really quick and works good ! 
in inches : 18.5 w x 19.25 d x 27.5 h. that is the interior of the cabinet . but , after assembly , the hinges on the side extend into the opening 1.125 inches & there is a lip at the top of the face frame which extends down 0.375 inches . 
yes . 
works through the glass just fine . 
so far , it is very easy . the instructions say that hot water and soap are all you need . i know it is not dishwasher safe , so i have been running water in the pot , a splash of soap , rinse . 
that is the on off switch . set the pot on the heating unit and push down on the handle ... it will cut off automatically . i love it ! ! ! ! 
this kettle boils water quickly , perhaps two tea cups worth in several minutes . however , we have had this kettle less than a year and are shopping for a different model . the small latch that keeps the lid closed and opens it for filling is now broken . other reviews mention this problem , and i am surprised that chef 's choice has not changed the hinge on the lid . so the answer is , the water boils quickly but the unit may not last ! 
yes 
i bought this for a friend , but she said she adds a little vinegar to the water which seems to clean off the deposits . 
yes 
the skillet is two inches deep . 
the 10 '' skillet is 10.12 '' maximum on the top . the inside base diameter is about 8 '' and the outside diameter of the base is about 8.25 '' but it 's hard to measure due to the radius . the diameter of the contact to a flat surface is about 7 '' . 
i use a universal lid that has grooves in it so it fits any pan small to large . a dinner plate works too . 
there is no top on this model . at least , as sold to me . 
i do n't know , but i have owned it for about a month and love it . i use stainless for all my cooking having been scared by all the hype of aluminum and alzheimer 's . this pan is a good weight and the two handles make it easy to handle . the dishwasher cleans it well after a cursory scouring with a scratchy pad . i think the manufacturer specs would list the 18 10 issue question answer . 
no they can not be stacked . i was very disappointed when i bought two of them . however , if u buy 2 of them , you can fit 7 of the 8 racks in the height of 1 set of legs . that is what i ended up doing . 
yes 
yes but you have to go directly through the trinity website ( not amazon ) 
the four legs are 34 inches tall . but you can adjust the shelves lower if you want . i think you will be happy with the rack . 
35 '' 
no , it does n't . i love this vacuum because it is so light weight . it makes me actually use it more often because it 's so easy . 
this 7-8 lb vac is the lightest , best vacuum i have ever used . i have back issues and this does not hurt my back . it has a nice taller handle , is light & flexible . 
from the floor to the top of the larger wheels is about 5 1 2 `` and that is about the highest point . so the short answer is yes . 
according to the oreck site http : www.oreck.com oreck-magnesium-sp-vacuum-cleaner 545.html you get 3 annual tun-ups . according to the warranty ( here : http : demandware.edgesuite.net aajc_prd on demandware.static sites-oreck-site sites-main-catalog default v1393430672703 images warranties warranty-upright-residential.pdf ) , you need `` proof of purchase from oreck or an oreck authorized retail dealer for this product '' . so assuming you bought it from amazon , you can go to your orders there , locate the order and print it out , if you need to . note too that `` this limited warranty does not cover the replacement of expendable or consumable parts such as carbon motor brushes , edge brushes , brushrolls drive belts , brushes , bulbs , disposable bags and other parts subject to normal wear unless they are defective in material or workmanship . '' in order words , they oreck shop may recommend replacement of worn parts and want to charge your for them . 
no you 'll need an adapter search for ( camson universal outlet plug converter adapter , for use in japan ) 
no . machines like this will help prevent new mold spores from forming . existing mold issues must be handled by a different procedure . 
yes , it is designed to remove odors and clear the air this particular model completely does my large room all the air is filtered three times the room 's air 3 times an hour & gt ; 
no 
hi steven : i have a unit here in my shop - on the packing it says it captures vocs . i know the unit comes with two permanent , washable filters - the prefilter can be replaced with their - but the user manual seems to suggest you should buy their optional odor and gas reducing prefilter ( $ 20 for a 3 month filter ) if you want to filter vocs - the manual says : `` the honeywell optional pre-filter is compatible with all airgenius models . its design compliments the ifd filter by trapping larger particles , reducing odours and removing harmful gases and volatile organic compounds from the air that passes through the filter . for maximum efficiency , change the pre-filter every 3 months . '' now i cant tell from the literature if this filter traps all vocs or specifically if it traps acetone or abs plastics . you might want to check out this info on the honeywell web page - http : www.airgenius.ca air-purifiers air-purifier-features - you can find the manual here - http : www.airgenius.ca air-purifiers customer-support owner-manuals - info about the odor reducing filter is here - http : www.airgenius.ca air-purifiers buy-honeywell-air-purifiers honeywell-odour-gas-reducing-prefilter-2-pack-hrf-k2c-deedcan - or you can call the honeywell customer help line at 1-800-477-0457 hope that helps - good luck ! 
no 
yes , its a great piece for the 60 even more so if its a flat screen , buy it 
11x24 inches 
no 
no , it does not 
i just looked at the dimensions in the product description , they are true to size . i 'm not with my towel cabbie right now to measure it , but i did have limited space to put it in , so i measured my space and compared it to the external dimensions . i gave about a half inch of leeway , and it fits perfectly . the towels it comes with are small and i can fit 18 of them in the warmer . if you are using larger spa towels ( approx hand towel size ) , i can about 10 of those in . it 's not a huge warmer , and it 's not tiny , either . i 'm an esthetician and can usually fit my day 's worth of towels in , but occasionally i have to refill halfway through the day . this is no problem because this warmer heats up fast ! 
they are about 4 inches bigger than a wash cloth 
yes . completely machine washable . also able to put in the dryer but on low heat . it will take awhile to dry but any higher than low it will shrink . hope this helps : ) 
i did n't have any issues but i have a pillow top . it works well on my tall mattress . it 's worth the buy even if you have to buy those elastic bits with the clips to hold it on . side note , i 'd say this is water resistant rather than water proof . would n't recommend for a bed wetter . 
yes ! it is totally waterproof ! liquid of any kind ! an awesome product i think ... it has a silky satin feel on the top , a very nice product . 
it 's not a bag . think of it more as a fitted sheet with a thin , somewhat vinyl top . it 's not padded . the sides are a sheet material . 
i have been comparing them too , i have n't picked yet . seems like the material is different ? premium $ 25 one says soft cotton terry surface -- to keep our protectors cool and noiseless , the surface material is made with soft cotton terry back coated with a breathable , hypoallergenic and 100 % waterproof membrane layer . cotton terry naturally absorbs moisture and is completely noiseless . 
no . there is a polyurethane barrier between the bottom of this and the mattress . ultra thin polyester layer is on the top . 
yes , i would suggest you put a sheet over it . 
yes , it is fitted . 
i am very pleased with this product . i purchased the reusable bags , and that is what has been very easy to use & reuse . i have not attempted the jar idea , as that was something i have not needed to do . i 'm very pleased with power of the product and ease of use . 
hi , yes it is rechargeable and will do about 30 bags before it needs to be recharged . after much research i could not find any difference between the two models ( waring-pvs1000 vs wpvs2000 ) so i went with the less expensive one . waring 's website only list the pvs1000 but after receiving the product i checked and could see no difference between them , ( except the model # ) even the nimh battery is the same and the instruction manuals both list 2012 as the product year . i love this kitchen tool ! it works great and seals the food as good as the large expensive models ( compared it with my sisters ) , takes up a small amount of space in my cabinet , and is very easy to use . i bought my 83 year old mother one and she loves it . i 'm now shopping more at the big box stores and saving money buying in bulk , especially with meats . the bags are dishwasher safe and i turn them wrong-side-out to insure they get well cleaned . sorry for rambling but this is now a favorite appliance , just wish i had it when the kids were little . hope this answers your question . 
i found a similar question asked and answered . the person who responded said he had researched both models as best he could and could n't find any differences , other than the model numbers and the price . i 'm inclined to agree with him . the waring website shows only the pvs1000 list price $ 130 , no reference to the other model ; the wpvs2000sa list price is $ 99 at amazon and other sellers . i did n't know there were 2 models . checked my box -- mine is a wpvs . 
no , the vacuum hole on those clothes bags are made for the diameter of a regular vacuum hose . this has a nozzle that is smaller and concave like a suction cup . 
yes but do n't put too many at a time 
i wish i had gotten this in place of my other blender , but yes , it makes smoothies . make sure the container you use is the tall slender one and move the wand slowly up and down in the blender . it should look like baby food . kale will need to be torn into small pieces without stems . good luck ! 
i am not sure , i have to add to my review that once i used the small plastic cup they sent with it i was able to once again get good really good use out of the one i bought . 
( better late than never ) this unit has a 3 year warranty according to https : www.cuisinart.com products hand_blenders csb-75.html 
yes , when it runs out of water , it stops and the light flashes red . 
i believe you have to hit the power again 
no it doesnt . it 's quite small , good for bedside . 
i do n't really feel it is necessary to clean very often - only if limescale builds up on the inside of the filter tray or water dispenser . as long as you empty it every time and fill with fresh water it is fine . if you want to clean the inside of the chamber it would be rather difficult as the entrance is quite small where you fill it up with water but it is a slick design . 
yes , ca n't hear it run either . 
soap and water in tank ... there is a small brush specifically for cleaning the disc 
i 'm guessing about 3 cups of water . it lasts thru the night on low . and it works well . i 'm happy with it . dry arizona winters need humidifiers . 
hard to believe but up to the tippy top ( which you would not fill it up to ) is 10 ounces . that photo must be showing around 5-6 ounces of wine in the decenter . 
6 oz . i gave them as a gift to my sister in law . she uses them for individual servings of nuts . 
this one holds 8oz . just up to where the neck gets smaller . ( a tad more than the picture shows ) . they are great decanters that i use all the time , even just for myself ... when i have leftover ice-tea , or a second martini , or ... of course , wine ( to decanter ) . i 've not yet used for company . ( btw , the smaller decanter -- if amazon still has them -- measures 4oz . just up to where the neck gets smaller ) . a great buy . 
mine is 5.25 '' . 
it does come `` finished '' which also means it has a finished sheen to it , but i do n't think it would be hard to cover with paint . if you primed it or ruffed it up first it would be paintable . 
probably , as long as you have a drill for the screws . 
the sticker on the bottom said '' made in china '' . they are very nice though , the colors are bright and they hold alot . 
sorry i have not put them in the microwave 
as long as the mug tree has big hooks . the hooks i had would n't fit . i had to buy larger ones . love the mugs ! 
love the sofa but , can not leave a foam topper on it & fold it up . topper has to be stored separately & put on the sleeper when in use ... . 
the mattress is about 3inches thick . we added an egg crate foam topper and have been told it is very comfortable . 
here is contact info for cucinapro . cucinapro - 5180 richmond road - cleveland , ohio 44146 email : cucinapro @ cucinapro.com phone : 216.351.3002 facsimile : 216.342.4664 they may sell parts . good luck ! 
always wash by hand . i do n't take the risk for need of replacement . 
110 volt . 
china , much to my dismay . for weeks , searched online and in stores for a made in america , without success . had to settle for a foreign product . it works quite well , i just wish we could have found one from the usa . would have been willing to pay double for a comparable coffee machine . let me know if someone out there can find an american coffeemaker . 
no 
no 
they are glass . works great in our office . coffee is kept very hot . 
yes , that 's what i use . 
not that i know of . they have hot plates for the glass pots ! 
you ca n't . must find a close match and use a flat piece of metal as a shim for the right height . 
not really . but have not tested it . 
35 inches exactly 
4 3 4 '' 
the chair is 27 '' across the widest part . i have been very pleased with these chairs . i put them in our guest house and my aged parents have used them every day since mid-december and they are holding up very well . 
i measured about 22 inches . 
20 1 2 inches from side to side and 23 inches from front to back 
we are shipping from california and it generally takes 2-10 days , depending on where we are shipping it to . 
16 oz . 
nikon . twice on the 'lens ' , once on the cap . 
there are no moving parts other than the lid and bottom cap . the branding is as pictured : 'nikon ' and does not say 'nican ' . 
normally it will take 10-20 days to arrive . you may receive it around december 10-20 . 
yes it does come with a bag 
there is only one generation of the 24-70 . 
steel . this is by far the best grinder i have ever seen for the money . it just might not be for you . great deal . 
mine did n't come with any stuffing tubes it come with 3 different grinder plates . 
it say 's it is a 2.6 hp . on it , i know it has plenty of power , it has never stopped on me or kicked circuit out , even with deer with alot of what i call ( cat gut ) in it.i hope this helps 
13x9x7 . i believe they give this in the description of the grinder . 
120 volts , 60 hz ac 
the wall wart is labeled 110-240v 50 60 hz . the plug is standard us two prong though so you may need and adaptor . 
it should , yes . it effects all the molecules it interacts with like the smelly chemicals associated with litter pan odors , cooking odors , and probably cigarettes . 
you literally just plug it in . that 's it . it needs occasional cleaning with rubbing alcohol , as per the directions . i think it emits ozone , which reacts with the odor to neutralize it . 
i 'm not sure about that . i do know that this little machine sits on top of my refrigerator and makes the air in the whole front part of my house : kitchen , living room and front entrance hall , smell clean and fresh ... ..even when all the windows are open in the summer . i have 5 dogs and 2 cats , all indoor pets , and my home sure does n't smell like the zoo that it is . i really love it . thinking about getting another unit for the rooms at the other end of the hall . 
72 '' x 84 '' 
my waterbed mattress is working fine . it 's a little thinner that the mattress i replaced . the mattress measures 7 feet by 6 feet by 8 inches deep equals 84 inches by 72 inches by 8 inches equals 84x72x8= 48384 cubic inches now convert cubic inches to gallons . there are about 231 cubic inches in a gallon so 48384 231=209.5 gallons 209.5 gallons * 8.34 pounds per gallon = 1747 pounds of water , not counting the weight of the bed frame . 
no idea 
i do not know . 
it 's very easy to re-install the liners . there are velcro strips attached to each bag that are easy to line up against one another . i usually do n't connect the two bags because they fill up so quickly . installing the bags are sort of like putting a trash bag in a trash can , no different . enjoy ! 
i use one side for light colors and the other fpr dark . each side is good for a medium load of laundry . we have it in our bedroom and it just looks like a nice basket . 
the division is only from the 2 linen bags . its soooo worth it and well constructed . i have had nothing fall outside of the bags . enjoy ! 
it says made in vietnam . 
no ! 
it worked well for my queen size metal bed frame . we did have to remove the middle rib of the original bed frame to make room for the new . i am impressed with the difference it made for me ! 
we used it for a king bed ( split box springs which are actually two twin box springs ) , and it works great . as long as your headboard footboard and side rails are sturdy , this will shore up your support in the middle . 
yes . 
hi..you need the side rails for this option to work 
yes it does . and it is prettier than the picture . i am very satisified with this purchase and do not hestitate in the least to recommend it . 
thank you for your inquiry . it was hand made in china . 
39 and 3 4 inches 
widest part to widest part , it 's about 40.5 '' wide 
it extends all the way out , however you have to be careful not 100 % stable , so it comes off the track . its a very nice desk and i am pleased , just not as stable as i would have liked it to be . 
mine fits but sticks beyond the desk on the left side , i use a 26 '' flat screen tv for my monitor ! ! ! 
it measures 9 1 2 '' x 27 '' . ' 
copy and paste this address in your browser bar : http : www.sauder.com beginnings office-computer computer-desks 414163.aspx and hit enter . then click on the picture of the desk with the dimensions , i think you will find the dimensions you need . the front of the printer shelf measures about 16.25 inches . 
i put two tablespoons of flax seed in my protein shakes and it pulverizes them . i have also put oat meal in as well with similar results . without liquid , i have never tried . 
this fits on the vitamix right out of the box . i love it & have been using it for a few months to make smoothies daily . it makes great smoothies with easier cleanup & wasted ingredients than vitamix . the vortex it creates sucks the ingredients down more vigorously than the vitamix jar . no tamper is needed . however , the vitamix jar is superior for making bnt butters & frozen desserts because of the tamper . hope this helps there is another jar ( rebel ) that requires you to substitute a blendtec drive on your vitamix . 
no it does n't . imo the vitamix is a much superior product anyway you measure it . 
yes they all store inside with a little click they lock in place . 
jobaby44 , yes , i have used it on the *8 ball zucchini '' . you may have to quit in the middle and cut off a little and start over ( this is for squash , not a hard veggie like beets ) . 
they can be used one at a time . 
so far so good , no problems so far . 
plastic . 
just 2. the third ( bottom ) compartment is for ice . 
it would depend on where you are located . we ship from ohio . standard post office shipping is 3-5 days , but is not guaranteed to deliver by a certain day . 
to store crushed ice to keep drinks cold . 
yes 
felli beverage dispensers are dishwasher safe and made of bpa-free materials . they are manufactured by free-free industrial corp - one of the leading manufacturer of acrylic storage , serving ware , tabletops , bath ware , office products , 3c accessories and pet products . they not only create the clearest , the most see-through , non-shattered , crystal reflection acrylic items , but also produce very safety-oriented products . free-free industrial corp is also known as `` felli '' have experience in the acrylic industry for almost 3 decades . 
one gallon per tier . 
i just use soda stream flavors ( you dont add the flavor ( s ) till after you carbonate the water ) . 
the co2 bottle is a standard 20 ounce paintball cylinder which you can get at a sporting goods store or amazon . dick 's will refill the cylinder for about $ 4.00 . there 's a plastic adapter that screws onto the top of the co2 cylinder - i 'm not sure where you might get another of those . 
christina , thank you for your inquiry about the primo flavorstation . the flavorstation includes the beverage making machine , 1 half liter bottle and 1 c02 cylinder . i hope this answers your question . let me know if i can help you with anything else . thank you , terri blackhawk trading post 
you can buy soda stream syrups that 's what i do and they are great just make sure you read the instructions on the soda stream syrups . 
small bottle , co2 , nozzle and maker . no flavors but you can immediately make soda . 
yes , we do . 
the h2go filters out 85 % of fluoride , 98.2 % of lead , 99 % of chlorine , 85 % of nitrates , 97.3 % of cadmium ( heavy metal ) , 97.5 % of aluminum , 97.5 % of zinc . 
a little over 16.9 oz ( 500ml ) 
over 1,300 refills per filter with no electricity or tap required ( 600 liters ) . ( or , read description ; ) ) 
yes it is made from bpa free plastic . customer support , new century innovations ( nci ) 
replacement filters can be ordered on amazon here : h2go portable alkaline water purifier replacement filter , 3 count with water ph testing kit customer support , new century innovations ( nci ) 
thank you for your interest in our product . the item you are inquiry is b011q which has 2 rails . you will need a box to support before applying mattress . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
yes , you may . please note the box will rise the mattress . please watch for the height of both the mattress and box . another option would be a bunky board if you like low bed . 
it buzzes until one shuts the cooker off . 
sometimes it does this type the best . you just follow the amount of water needed for the amount of eggs you are doing at one time . there are water levels listed on the cup the desired degree in which you want your eggs done . 
it appears to shut off , but the buzzer goes off continuously until you walk over and turn it off . so i say it `` appears '' to shut off because you have to run over and shut the buzzer off manually anyway . you have to hang out in the vicinity of the kitchen to wait for it to go off . i enjoy the speed and convenience of it otherwise , it is quick at least . 
jeannie this will probably not answer your question . when the buzzer sounds , the only way to stop it is to turn the egg cooker off . trust me , when you hear the buzzer , that 's the only thing you want to do . it is so annoying . the description says it has automatic shutoff so i would say they are setting themselves up for a lawsuit if it does n't have that option . i just ca n't keep the buzzer sounding to check and see if the product cools down on its own . i still love it and it 's easy to use after you get it figured out . 
not very long ... . about 12-15 minutes . 
the lids are close fitting . but they do not contain a gasket ( or other similar element ) that would technically make them `` airtight . '' i have two sets and have successfully used them to store flour , sugar , rice , barley , split peas , dried beans , unpopped popcorn , and even dog treats . 
plastic but seem to be very strong 
no they 're not . but they 're very nice 
yes sugars stay soft . 
yes - the cans are delivered with the smallest in the next one , that in the next - and so on - all of the lids are nested . 
at least the bottoms are , they are stainless steel . i do n't know about the tops . they are stainless and glass . i do n't know if the adhesive would withstand 212+ degree water . i wash them by hand 
the cooking surface is 9x13 , the actual size with handles and edges is 10x 15 3 4 . 
the cooking area is 9x13 , the actual size with handles and edges is 10x 15 3 4 
no , it 's metal . 
sorry , i 'm not sure . i have n't used mine yet . most likely 3 4 c . 
i have the two sizes . the small one is 1.75 '' and the large one is 2.25 '' . 
its metal 
yes ; but it holds fewer k-cups . i tested out mine and noted that it holds 7 k cups per column vs. 9 vue cups per column . 
yes it will hold the travel mug . this drawer is great . works just as described . my wife and i both love it and it is nice to put all of your different coffee in one spot . 
yes , this is a great vue cup storage drawer . i have the travel mug size in mine right now . it holds alot and coffee pot sets right on it and the wheels to roll it out from under the cabinets just great 
yes . perfect fit . 
yes the pods do fit you just have to stack them sideways , not flat the way they come packaged . 
no but it does n't move at all ! 
mine was shipped very quickly 
not sure cause i do n't have any of the travel size but prob half of the given amount 
it was not too big as o think there were 2 or 3 boxes that made it easy for one person to handle . the bed was very easy to put together too . 
the product dimension is 78 x 55 x 86 inches ; 95 pounds . thanks , stores123 
yes , this machine has aluminum parts , however , the parts are not in direct contact with the coffee or its constituents 
no limit 
yes 
sorry i purchased it as a gift so i have no idea 
type `` descaler espresso machine '' into the amazon search box for some products . but , you should only use purified water from bottles to keep the pump clear at all times . 
no , it does not come with a sharpener . it has a 7.75 in . chef , 7.75 in . bread , 7.75 in . slicer , 5.5 in . utility , two-4 in . parers , 3.75 in . peeler , kitchen shears , six-5.5 in . steak knives and a wood storage block . 
it 's a little lighter than the picture but still a rich pretty dark brown 
the blades are only serrated from the tip for about 2.5 inches ! 
smooth like plastic . 
i do n't know . i would call the company or go online for their website . 
a rock or leather belt . 
one small knife is finely serrated . i use it to slice bread ... does it beautifully . 
from point to point , 3 inches . they are roughly 2 inches by 3 inches . 
i do n't see why not . i do n't believe i 'd put boiling water in the mold . by the time you 've stirred the jello to dissolve completely , i 'd still wait a bit to pour into mold . i have regular jello molds , but they 're a more firm plastic than this mold . ca n't hurt to give it a try . 
no . i used it as a candy mold . 
i have no idea what home depot is offering . when i purchased mine from amazon the price quoted and charged was for just one unit . 
yes the top is removable 
not a set just for 1 
thanks for your question ! amazon works toward maintaining competitive prices on everything we carry . in some cases our website offers lower prices via the used and new offerings available from amazon marketplace sellers . for more information , go to our help page on ordering from a seller here : 
i do n't have a goodbyn lunchbox nor know what it looks like , but the measurements of each bottle is 5.75 inches tall and a circumference of 2.25 inches . hope that helps . : - ) 
6 inches 
no spout . it is an open bottle once cap is off . however , sports top spouts can be purchased separately . 
about two inches . we love the size of the bottles ... perfect for a lunchbag , swim bag , and toting along for outings to the zoo , park , etc 
i have not had one leak yet . i lay these bottles on their sides in my daughters lunchbox . 
i bought these for my daughter who started kindergarten in 2013 and we love them . i have never seen any of the bottles leak . i will be buying the larger bottle when she gets bigger . 
only if there is humidity ... we are in az , so for the most part the answer is `` no '' . we love these and will be purchasing more for the upcoming school year ! 
the cosi is nice . 
the citiz model i own only says it is rated for 110vac on the rating label and it has a us 110vac plug . no mention of 220vac . you may want to ask the factory directly for a 220vac model . we like ours very much . 
no 
no , original nespresso pods are not reusable . 
we have only used the nespresso pods so i can not answer it . 
it came with a sampler pack . do n't recall how many since i went through them rather quick 
hello , greetings from etechmart , yes , it usually takes 17-28 business days since it is a cross-boarder shipment . but we can really say it takes less or just 17-28 business days . sometimes it takes a little bit longer , sometimes shorter . that 's something we do n't have control of . thank you for your questions . have a nice day ! and enjoy the shopping . james customer service team 
diameter of circle with rollers + - 1 1 2 inches . length + - 2 3 4 inches . 
no . we 've had no issue with rusting and we 've put them to the test . 
i always leave the top damper open 100 % . i 've found that i do n't need to fine tune the dampers when using this . the bottom dampers are obviously closed , with the exception of the damper the fan is using . 
i 've been getting around 7hrs without any intervention . pile your lump charcoal w smoking chunks but only light one end and you 'll get plenty of cooking time . i 've kept it going for 14 hrs with two reloads . just had my brothers over for a week and they are all looking at buying this setup and dumping the electric smokers they 've got . 
yes . i have the weber one touch gold and have the iq110 installed . you just have to drill a 1 2 in hole in the bottom of the grill to allow the attachment of the silver cup . just make the hole out of reach of the sweeper vanes of the one touch cleaning system . then simply close the vanes while using the pitmaster . 
if it has an air adjustment intake that the adapter can screw to , then yes it will work . 
warranty is 180 days per pitmaster website here http : pitmasteriq.com policies . made in u.s.a. also per their website . 
i believe you can buy an adapter . check the pitmasteriq website . i think they have adapters for most of the popular smokers . 
you still need a box spring . this provides better support for a full size and larger bed so the box spring will not sag . 
i used these three metal slats to replace broken wooden slats on a bed that sounds similar to yours . i left in all the other wooden slats that were not broken . i ca n't imagine only having the 3 metal slats as support . i feel that the bed would sag and create back pain . 
3 adjustable slats , good quality 
there are 2 sets of legs with different length screws for adjustment as well as 2 sets of receivers that are different sizes 
definitely over 300 lbs . 
i had gotten this machine for my kids . i had read the reviews for this and other machines and i had found this machine work great every time . it 's safe for younger kids because it uses no oil . and the kids love to measure the corn and watch as it pops . wonder product and i would but this again . 
delicious . it is hot air made . we did n't add any salt or butter . 
120 v , 1200 watts , 60 hz 
6 '' by 6 '' by 16 '' ! 
the popcorn falls out from a vent in the clear plastic part of it . it is pushed out during popping so have some bowls ready ! 
110 v 
no . 
do n't buy this ! ! ! ! ! it made barely two cups if popcorn each time so i returned it and bought a regular air pop popcorn machine that works much better . 
just turn it on maybe 2 minutes before you use it..mine does n't do that at all.. 
i bought this for my mother and she made a really large bowl of it . plenty to sit down and watch a movie with 1-3 people , depending on how much popcorn you eat . 
yes , it comes with 1 10 '' doulton ultracarb candle . 
it attaches to the tip of your existing faucet at the spout where the water now pours out . you can see ( if you place your finger there ) that your existing spout has threading to screw on an attachment . you screw on the metal end of the doulton unit to your spout which then directs the water flow through the doulton unit to filter the water . the doulton unit also has a switch near the attachment to direct the water either through the filtration unit or unfiltered through your spout . it is possible that you may need to buy an adapter if the doulton unit 's mechanism does n't fit your faucet , but it 's unlikely . mine fit perfectly , and works great , 
http : www.amazon.com doulton-w9123053-10-inch-ultracarb-ceramic-filter dp b009eqm3ry ref=pd_sim_hi_2 ? ie=utf8 & refrid=0jw0bnx4s9j4wqfx8014 or http : www.amazon.com doulton-ultracarb-filter-candle-w9123053 dp b000nzrfyq ref=pd_sim_hi_1 ? ie=utf8 & refrid=0jw0bnx4s9j4wqfx8014 the ceramic one is supposed to remove lead & bacteria . you can compare different candles by reading this chart ( at the bottom ) . http : www.doulton.com countertop-systems doulton-hcps-countertop-water-filter-system 
just one candle . 
it actually depends on your useage , water quality , and seasonal factors . to be safe , every 6 months to a year will do . -j 
the ceramic filters are the only other types of filters that are used for removing fluoride , next to a reverse osmosis system , so , the answer here would be yes . thank you , - jacques 
yes it has been amazing ! 
go to propurusa.com for details 
i do it at the end of the day . so , overnight . 
17.5 front to back . 17 side to side 
height is 33 '' x 28 '' wide x 25.5 '' deep . these dimensions are approximate . 
the seat curves down , so to the front of the seat it 's 18 '' but 19 '' to the seat if you are sitting on it . i love mine , although not comfortable for long periods of time it works perfectly for an extra seat when needed and i love the colors . 
matching pillows : http : www.amazon.com gp product b00nr0et7u 
you can send your carrier to pick up from california warehouse 
box custom fit to chair . legs must be assembled . i believe they send a custom tool for assembly . 
no , not at all . i live in fl and no problems . good luck . 
no it does n't but you can buy one online or get one at your local walmart . i just put a sheet on it . 
i am not sure , it appears to be a standard queen . we use it in our camper on a custom mattress and it is about two inches longer and the same width as the camper mattress . we use standard fitted queen sheets on it and it works fine . 
thanks for your interest in this item . i apologize we can not ship this item to singapore . 
dimensions : twin : 37 inches wide x 72 inches long full : 51 inches wide x 72 inches queen : 58 inches wide x 77 inches long king : 76 inches wide x 77 inches long cal king : 70 inches wide x 80 inches long in terms of firmness , its all preference , keep in mind this is memory foam , there is no set firmness , it will cradle you according to your own body weight and size . thank you . 
memory foam layer ( the thinner layer ) up . 
the box was about 2 x 2 x 4 and was vacuum sealed and compressed a bit . 
the packages i bought each had 36 labels . 
it says usa inside the cap 
dishwasher safe top rack . not microwave safe 
no , they 're made in thailand . 
no , but wish it did . 
it comes with the soft bag 
i put the food in the bowls the night before . that way everything is cold before using the box . ice pack would work too . 
plastic and washes really easy keeps warm the food 
if you heat food in a plastic container you increase the risk of contaminating your food with plastic molecules . in short , do n't heat foods in plastic containers if you are concerned , 
i 've not tried it yet , it 's really too small and wo n't hold enough food . 
japan 
since no one else has answered i 'll chime in with an estimate . we returned the caddy because it would n't work in our application , but the baskets were n't huge . if i recall correctly , about 4-5 inches deep , about 6-7 wide , and about 4 inches high . they 're big enough to hold some 'big ' bottles of shower-product , but that one big product would be all you could fit on the shelf . again , that 's my recollection . i 'm just answering since no one else has so take it with a grain of salt until someone else provides comment . 
unless u have a soap dish to rest it in inside this contraption then no . nothing loose and slippery will hold in it . 
each basket adjusts individually , but they all tend to slide back and forth if bumped . 
answered in previous question above 
yeah they have suctions but they do stick well . 
22 long ,3 1 2 deep , opens to 13 1 2 , closed 10 , the best is it has 4 hooks locks in hand held shower head line 
yes , in the photos on amazon it shows it without a handheld . great caddy ! 
i just today ( 9 23 2014 ) received 2 of these rubbermaid white ice cube trays . there is no symbol on them that says `` bpa free '' . also , on the packaging it says copywrite 2007 ( i 'm not sure what that means ) . so i called rubbermaid . they said that starting in 2008 , all rubbermaid products were bpa-free and that these products would say `` bpa free '' in that little triangle symbol . i asked the rubbermaid customer service person , `` so if these do not have that `` bpa free '' on the bottom should i assume that they are not bpa-free . she said `` yes '' . based on that i 'm concluding these trays are not bpa-free , and were manufactured prior to 2008. if i am wrong someone please clarify . kind of bugs me amazon is selling something so old ( again , if i am wrong let 's clarify ) - and that i am just going to throw these away . 
it made in usa . 
just measured two trays , one on top of the other , and the total height is 3 inches . 
absolutely odor free , bpa free , sturdy . we really like them . they 're much better than the ice cube tray we already had . 
yes , they are stackable . 
yes they are . 
yes 
i assume the battery was inside the unit , i only had it for a few days as it would not work with my monitor lillyput , i think you charge the unit with the usb plug , there was no way to open the unit and look at the so called battery . hope this helps 
it worked for me in the bmcc that sends the same signal than the canon ... so it might work 95 % for sure 
probably not it only works with hd 60i interlaced frame rate so if the bmd and zacuto are n't outputting that frame rate ( 59.94interlaced ) it probably wo n't work . those cameras usually output 23.98 progressive . 
it works with the 2.5k not sure about the 4k . sorry . 
this product does not work with the black magic 4k camera or cinema camera 
yes it will work 
there differences between the twelve or so sodastream models . some involve how you carbonate more or less , indicators of carbonation , glass carafes , or just aesthetics . the dynamo in particular is one of four models that take the larger 130l co2 canisters : http : www.sodastreamusa.com popups helpmechoose.html i 'm really glad i bought the dynamo , because we use the sodastream way more than i predicted we would . as it is , we go through the 130l once every three months . it 's more accessible , so we drink more carbonated water , tea , lemonade , energy drink , etc . the only downside has been that in our town , there 's only staples as a location we can exchange the bottles at . we do n't have a bed bath & beyond , and all the other physical locations like best buy herbergers , k-mart , etc . only offer the smaller bottles . and online at sodastream.com , you can no longer exchange the 130l bottles . if you think you 'll use it a lot , and you find a local source of 130l bottle exchanges , the dynamo or one of the other models that take the larger bottles is worth it . 
the bottles are plastic and can not be washed in hot water or the dishwasher . 
you can flavor with anything , but you can only carbonate water . you add the flavor after . you ca n't carbonate anything else or the sugars will gunk up the device 
i think it 's pretty close 
i have not done this yet . i thought it just unscrewed . sorry to not be more helpful . i got the largest co2 container so i do n't have to replace it often . 
i do n't remember all the flavors but it 's a nice 12 flavor assortment to get you started . 
no 
i have used it for this kind of salt for only three weeks . so far , so good . 
it 's been a while since i purchased mine , but i 'm pretty sure it is . table salt would n't need a grinder anyway ! 
turn grinder over and unscrew cap to refill 
hi dee , sorry it took so long to respond to your inquiry . to be very honest , there is not a whole lot of difference between the two . i only bought the softworks grinder because i already had the good grips pepper grinder ! they both work very well and the only thing that i can tell you is the name of each describes the design of the bottle . the good grips has a harder bottom part which is what you twist to get the pepper . the soft works is a smaller bottom and not as hard of a material . i 'm not sure if this helps but , in truth , they are both good , cost about the same so it is kind of a personal choice on which style you like better . happy seasoning ! ! 
yes . i have a pair of these and use one for salt and one for peppercorns . nice quality . 
no it wo n't . my daughter 's ipad is 11.5 in and fits snugly . 
well if it 's an ipad mini i think it has to be in a case but full ipad i does n't need a case but i think you can still do it ! hope i helped 
yes , it does also the nook and ipad . 
yes it will , that 's what i have and it fits perfectly . there are multiple slots to fit small and large tablets snugly . 
sorry , no idea . it fits a regular ipad perfectly . 
do you mean likke in the ziper inside ? if thats what you mean then yes . but if you mean when its in the neck pilow no 
yes 
not that we 're aware of ... we 've only seen them in the animal print and solid colors . 
the pillow is the backpack . there are two stretch straps on the back and room in the pillow to hold the ipad . 
not only is it machine washable , it also dries quickly and does n't wrinkle ! ! ! 
it does say that it is made in china , imported by e & e co. , ltd in fremont , ca 
i love mine . one of the shams did n't get sewn in a corner and who i ordered from , designer living ( 62.99 ) , offered me 3 options to choose from , all in my favor , in my opinion . as to the colors , i guess they are more muted than the picture but my room is darker , there 's is lighter . but the picture to me mostly gives you an idea of what it is . the purple and the red stand out . there 's also an orange red color . has two blue colors one a teal blue the other a lighter , sky blue or just one less intensity than the teal , even a royal blue . there is a olive color and a mustardy lime color that is probably the most color used but more as a background , the purple , red , and teal stand out when i look at it . it 's so comfortable and soft , and i 've washed it quite often now , had it since sept 2013 , and it still is beautiful . this winter , i had flannel sheets and this . never put on a heavy blanket . live in kansas . we keep the house at 68 during day and 62 at night . in summer we do 76 -78 in the house so not sure how this will fit in at that time . it 's not heavy , lightweight and cozy , so my example of winter use may not fit yours if you like heavier and possibly warmer . 
yes 
i got the king & when i got the package it says king or california king . it fits my king bed very well . theres enough hanging on each side . i measured 92 inches long & 103 inches wide for the king . you will love this . ive had it for months & i still love everything about it . king size comes with king pillow shams 
there is no difference . i bought the mc701 from target for $ 99 and the mc703 on amazon for $ 159 . they are both 1200 watt units , exact same model . the mc703 just refers to the unit with oven mitts , heat pad , muffin pan . it is a marketing scam . buy the mc701 from target for $ 99 and use your own mitts and hot pad . the mc701 sears and sautees even though it does not list in on the box . it tells you how to sear in the owners manual and recipe book included . you just turn to stove top high and sear your chicken , etc . in the unit . i checked the model # on the physical units and they are identical . i then called the support line at ninjakitchen.com and they verified that the only difference is the additional cooking items . so save your money and buy the mc701 . see picture and description of professional model on ninjakitchen website . only difference is hotpads , mitts , muffin pan and a lame , too small warmer : http : ninjacooking.ninjakitchen.com special-offers 
no 
dimensions are : w : 14 1 8 '' ( 36 cm ) d : 22 1 2 '' ( 57 cm ) h : 24 5 8 '' ( 62.6 cm ) 
no but not that hard to put together 
no , this one does not . there is a carson forge that does that i also purchased . even though they are two different sizes , they matched well enough to use them in the same room . this one does have a shelf inside with a cord access hole in the back that you could use a small powerstrip in there if you wanted to . 
it depends on which store you order from as to who has free shipping or not . 
all dimensions are given on web site - scroll down . 
the top twists off 
twist the top half about 1 4 turn until it comes out . i always empty the water as soon as i finish to make sure it is fresh to work the next time 
small room 150 sqft 
1 year manufacturer 
no , it is a convection radiant heater . very quiet . installed on wall . 
the black radiant glass panel is similar to that on a flat screen tv . you would n't paint one of those ! ! maybe you could paint the wheels and floor stand . ask the manufacturer about mounting it on the wall like flat screen tvs which are all black . if the appearance offends , you can always rig up some sort of short decorative screen to stand in front of it at a distance that does n't impede the flow of air and heat . again , ask the manufacturer about the specs for safe distance around the heater . 
i have had 8oz 10oz & 12oz placed in it 
3 1 8 inches 
i liked very much and i would recommend the purchase of this product . 
12 x 12 
machine would probably work for a small venue like a high school game..i think it would not work for a real high output venue . 
one tray makes 6-8 cones , i would guess a ten pound bag would fill the tray 4 or 5 times . hope that helps the cone cups do n't need much ice . 
yes , the ice is finely crushed without yielding large chunks pieces . i originally purchased this product to be used at my granddaughter 's frozen themed birthday party . it was such a hit and easy to set-up , use and clean that we put it to use often when entertaining guests as well as simple family time gatherings . this product is definitely one of my top 3 purchases of 2014 . 
i use it as soon as shaved..does not stick together real well till melted a little.. & how long does it last depends on how hot it is at your location..i use the machine for just me so i only shave enuf for about 2-3 cones.. 
metal . 
a good amount 
yes , the machine has metal blades . 
the inside diameter of mine is 2.75 '' , the outside diameter is 3.75 '' . it is a little stretchy , so if you need it a little wider , it should still work . i see that mia says hers are 2 5 8 '' inner and 3 5 8 '' outer . i 've had mine for a while now , so they have probably stretched out to the size of my jar lid . she may have a more accurate measurement for new rings . 
these gaskets will fit jars with a lid that has a 3 inch wide ( outside to outside ) bottom of the lid where the gasket slips on . i do n't think it has to be exactly 3 inches but it must be snug . these are so much better than the rubber type and im sure they will last much longer that your old rubber ones . i have several more jars with the old rubber gaskets so i will be placing an order for more in the next few weeks . be safe ... . m 
2 3 4 inches , 3 3 4 inches 
i googled this and found a manual at home depot ( on line ) which says `` * use the charger only in a standard electrical outlet ( 120v 60hz ) '' does that help ? 
no it did n't come with any , and not sure if you 'd be able to put one on if you had it . 
like all vacuums , it depends on what you are picking up- small leaves & general dirt are fine , but anything larger or heavier , not so consistent results . does not do much to remove pet hair ! ! i love it for kitchen crumbs & some of those hardto reach places in the house , but results for car debris are mixed 
none 
all leather . i ca n't stand recliners that look vinyl or cheap , but this one looks really nice and has so many other great features . 
far enough to sleep comfterably and you can sit the chair flush with the wall and it will still recline that way you dont have the chair sticking out in the room when its closed 
it is not uncomfortable at all . we barely use the massager , but find the comfort and the reclining function really great . 
seriously ... ? 
no storage in arms 
it is wood 
at its widest it is 79 '' , but that is only if it 's completely wide open -- and it will always be bent so that it can stand up . i have mine at approximately 60 '' but it could be slightly wider or narrow depending on how tightly the pieces are positioned . 
yes it does , just comes in a big box . my wife and i love it , we have it behind the sofa and decorate depending on the seasons . 
hi fay , i checked my mixer and this is what i found . 0.6a , 120v ac , 60hz . if this does n't help here is the phone number for kitchenaid in the usa 1-800-541-8390. hope i was of some help ... jean 
no it comes only with the thin wire beaters which i was not expecting . they are n't strong enough to beat cookie dough . 
no only one set 
it is model # khm512er . still loving it ! 
yes , it does come with stainless steel beaters . 
it has 72 watts . the number is n't on the box , but the amperage is printed on the heel of the mixer . it is only .6 amps . 120volts x .6amp = 72watts . ka 's newest 7 and 9 speed mixers have .9 amp , yielding 108 watts . ka claims you do n't need as much power with their dc motors , but i do n't buy it . yes , it will do mashed potatoes , but it will take longer . atk ( america 's test kitchen ) chose this as their first choice ; they liked the light weight . still , atk recommended ka 's newest 9-speed mixer with `` with reservations '' because they wanted `` more oomph '' . 
no 
compared to the previous kitchen aid mixer this style , the mixer is much lighter which was nice . however , the switch on the top broke and fell inside . i also purchased one for my daughter as a gift and it did the same thing within 6 months of purchasing it . sorry , not recommended by me ! 
that 's a good question . i never thought about it until now . i put tea in mine . 
no , they do n't . 
i see no reason why you would not be able to use it with gum paste fondant . just make sure it is not too thick but a bit more fluidy then you can press it into all the crevices . i 've used this with some clay and it worked well . good luck 
verysmall - about 1 '' 
short answer : 18 - 21 jars , depending on size of jar . long answer : each shelf holds 6 to 7 jars depending on the size of the jar . my shelf is holding 20 spice jars right now . ( all different brands and sizes of jar . ) i tested , and you can definitely fit 7 trader joe 's spice size jars on one shelf . they are about 1-1 2 '' at their widest . more than one jar wider than 1-3 4 '' and only 6 will fit per shelf . each shelf has an interior length of about 12-1 2 '' and an interior width of about 2-1 4 '' . note : the height of the shelf , with the spices in it , is 16 '' . it does not fit under my overhead cabinets , or inside the cabinets ( because of shelf height ) . i 've got it sitting on the counter where there is nothing overhead . it could also be mounted on a wall , but it is quite heavy fully loaded ( 7-1 2 lbs ) , so you 'd need to mount it to wall studs , or a wood wall ( not dry wall ) . 
overall dimensions : 13.25 '' h x 13 '' w x 2.75 '' d 
the rack can fit two essie nail polish jars side by side . i use it for nail polish 
yes 
it doest come with pre drilled holes but u can be created and make it work 
yes these would fit . 
they should . the shelves are 2.5 '' wide and the space is just over 5 '' between shelves . 
i own this . after the set cooking time , this unit immediately turns itself to warm for 8 hours ! ! ! ! ! ! just keeping itself ... .well , warm for that long after which it turns itself off completely . of course , one can manually turn it off after less `` warm '' time if one desires . i love this machine ... .you can cook anything in it . the best piece of kitchen equipment i have bought in years . it 's fabulous 
no , you can not cook small amounts of rice . it is a 6 quart cooker and the manual recommends it be at least one third full for cooking anything . recommend the hamilton-beach rice cooker steamer ( especially for small quantities ) . the sides will get too hot i think without food at least 1 3 of the pot . 
not sure that you can since roasting is a dry heat method where the heat in the oven surrounds the food . with the exception of the saut function , cooking in this is about moisture with little evaporation . if you turned the unit on saut and tried to roast something , it would be like tring to roast something on a pot on the stovetop -- that method is n't roasting . 
on the brown & saute program , preset temp is 350 but range is from 150 to 400. slow cook temps are 212 high , 200 low , 185 simmer and 165 warm . once machine is on , one can move between the programs and ranges of temps without having to turn machine off and on again . 
yes it is ... it is a slow cooker ... i have one for about a year now and have not turned on my oven since getting it ... i cook just about everything in it . 
it grinds anything you want to , the only problem is that it shaves off pieces of metal everytime i try to grind from seeds to corn . i would not recommend it at all . do not buy it , is not worth it ... i still have mine , i also called and email the website from were i bought this grinder to see if i can return it but they never answered me back . 
metal 
it is 5 '' in circumference and 2.5 '' deep . 
2 
yes . the plate width is very adjustable , it will grind fom very course to flower . 
i d n't think this is stone grund but i havent taken mine out f the bx yet . i believe the surfaces are metal plates ... .but again ... i am not sure ... srry 
made in mexico by estrella 
i am sorry , but we sent it back because the bottom started to flake off and stained the wood burner . 
dear mary ellen , thank you for your inquiry to plow & hearth . there is an enamel coating on the steamer . this prevents and rust on the item . please let me know if i can be of further assistance . sincerely , sarah w-plow & hearth customer service 
it is the same rust-resistant matte black finish on the entire pot . we 've had this for almost a year now and really like it . it 's held up well . we keep it on our propane heating stove ( like a woodstove ) with water in it and i 've never seen it steam but it does but a little more moisture in the air . just a bit of advice -- i would definitely season it with some kind of oil when you first get it ... we used organic coconut oil all over inside and out and `` baked '' it in the kitchen oven on 350 for an hour , and that has made all the difference for maintaining the finish and avoiding rust , etc . 
this product includes scrub brush attachments , 4 cleaning pads , 2 buffing cloths , 2 steam scrubbers , and a carpet sanitizing tray . if you have any other questions let me know . thank you . 
mine did but the product did n't last long and so never had a chance to use it . i only used it twice before it died . wasted good money on it . 
mine did n't last long enough to find out . it only lasted one cleaning and it was my kitchen floor . i have always washed my laminate on my hands and knees since i have dogs and ca n't always get all the hair up before washing . i then use my shark vacuum . 
yes 
i measured it at 18 feet . 
yes it comes a pad to rest it on , 4 pads that are washable , and the brushes for the scrub feature . this is a great household addition 
yes 
there is n't a place to put essential oils in this humidifier . i do n't think it would be a good idea to add it directly into the water reservoir as it might collect on what ever mechanical device turns the water to a mist the owner manual does not mention the use of essential oils . the phone number for service is 866 737-6590 if this is n't the correct number to address your question perhaps they can direct you to the correct phone number . i 've been using the humidifier for almost a year and it is easy to fill , easy to adjust the amount of mist and is very attractive . 
the mist generator stops running , it beeps several times and the indicator flashes red until the tank is refilled or you press the power button . 
you ca n't . sorry 
44in by 9in in diameter 
it needs to be moved out from the wall . the base is stationary . i 've come to love the couch in its second angle . not straight up and not totally flat . there is a middle adjustment and with an ottoman its great . 
it 's 14 '' from floor to seat . it 's a firm but comfortable surface . 
one box . i just had to screw the legs on . they are hiding in the futon , you 'll see . just do n't panic and think they left them out . easy to put together and i 'm a senior citizen . 
no it really does n't have a lot of padding ... .it is ok to sit on for awhile , but i do n't think it would be comfortable to sleep on . i have it in a family room ... ..it is ok to sit and watch tv for a bit , but i would n't say it is comfortable enough to be a bed ! 
you lift the sofa up until you hear a click and that means the sofa is locked in the legs need to be slanted at the bottom in order for this to work . the instructions are inside the zipper part under the couch along with the screws for the legs . 
its with springs inside 
i have both of these humidifiers . they are essentially the same except for a slightly different design . i like the u-31001 better because it 's easier to fill . in order to fill them , you have to take the tank off of the unit and turn the tank upside down . with the u-31002 , it does n't lie flat when you do this , so you have to hold balance the tank with one hand while you fill it with the other . with the u-31001 , you just set the tank down because it lies flat to fill it - so it 's easier to fill . the u-31001 also has a more adjustable nozzle , so you have more control over where to aim the mist . other than that , they are pretty identical in form and function . 
on this model , the piece on the top does not rotate ; that piece kind of snaps into place so it only fits one way . there is another very similar model where the piece on top rotates freely : optimus u-31001 1.5-gallon cool mist ultrasonic humidifier i have both models . these models are very similar . they differ mainly in the fact that 1 ) on this other model ( optimus u-31001 1.5-gallon cool mist ultrasonic humidifier ) the piece on the top that directs the mist rotates freely , and 2 ) this model is also easier to fill because when that piece is taken off , the tank lies flat which makes it easier to fill . on the u-31002 model , the top does not lie flat so you have to hold it up balance it with one hand as you fill the tank . 
for the best results , i have only used distilled water . do n't get any mineral deposits , etc . 
last winter , i used it in the open area dining kitchen living room , of my modest size home ( approximately 812 sq . ft. ) . set on 1 2 to 3 4 speed , it kept this area quite comfortable , during the day . i moved it late evening , to keep my bedroom comfortable during the night , set at a lower speed . since the fan speed is adjustable , i believe , you could set it comfortably , for a pretty large room . 
it holds 1.11 gallons , the misunderstanding is the output , which means the volume of water that is put out by the unit , the lesser an output , means the longer it will be to saturate a room . 
no 
system has auto off when water level is low . best way is to refill before each usage . tank is large and should last all night . 
i 'm not certain what you mean by how wide . do you mean the length or the thickness or the height of thee bar ? the height is about one inch , the thickness about 1 4 inch and the length is variable according to the curvature but the length of the average bathtub when installed . hope that helps . 
no 
i would say , maybe 4-5 '' gained from a flat shower curtain rod . there is a lot more room in there after you put one in . i am happy with this . 
yes its really eaze to work whit it ... 
my span was less than 5 ft , the instructions show how to cut the rod and maintain the proper arc . i did that and cut off the amount i needed it worked . 
please send us an email after you have placed the order . 
the diameter is approximately 3 4 '' . 
not sure . but the regular tea bag , you can fold it and put it in with not problem . hope it will help you 
i washed mine once i have a new large capacity washer . it came out of machine with one long seam line tear and two smaller l shaped tears . i was so disappointed in the work manship . 
brown 
the flowers are ivory , taupe , brick red and a bit of moss green . 
i would call it brick red . not at all candy apple red . 
yes , each bucket comes with a screen to separate the food wastes from the bokashi juice . thanks . 
each plastic bokashi bucket is 5 gal and the stainless steel kitchen compost pail is 0.6 gal . 
definitely . its a pretty good size . 
approximately 1 cm 
thank you for your interest in our product . this item does not have matching buffet server . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
the chairs are not top grain leather , however , they are blended leather . they look nice enough . for the price , you cant beat it . 
thank you for your interest in our product . the table is 48 inch from the information provided by the manufacture . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
i 'm guesstimating.. it weighs approximately 5 lbs . it 's not too heavy hot at all . in fact i would say it 's on the lighter side and if you wanted to add a blanket in the winter you could ! 
no , not reversable 
we recently purchased a king sealy optimum mattress . the pockets are more than enough for this mattress . 
the hudson comforter set is a machine wash , in cold water , and decorative pillows are a spot clean . 
yes . in fact i made french fries and chicken fingers the other night 
no , it does not fit up the sides of a casserole dish or brownie pan . only good for using on sheet pans 
rough approx 1 64 of an inch 
you could , but i would be gentle not to rip the material . nothing sticks to it so if i am making cookies i generally just pick them up with my hands . 
i ca n't say that has been an issue . i have used it on several occasions now and the cookies i baked have been the same as they always are - in fact better . 
canada , www . epicureselections.com for more info 
i believe we purchased medium . the filling is not like a traditional pillow so not sure how much of a difference it makes . 
i bought this for my sister . she said it has a lifetime warranty and she love love loves it . 
i think the ony differance is this pillow is a little bit smaller than the premium maybe a couple inches ! my wife absolutly loves it ! 
put in dryer for 15 minutes take out and slap togather at both ends - and i love it ! 
yes 
the first thing was to put it in the dryer 10 minutes.then advertising said she will not collapsed and it collapsed.i will send it back and buy the sobakawa pillow 
5.875 '' dia and 2 '' high 
how does goat cheese compare to the consistency of butter or soft cream cheese ? i have used it on soft cream cheese , not the whipped variety , the kind in a brick . it does work spreading out a layer of cream cheese ... it has some limited success on spreading creamy peanut butter.. but it works for that too . i 've had this or different versions of this product for years and i swear by it . 
they are a mix . very dissatisfied with the purchase . the fitted sheet is a misnomer - it literally hangs loos under the mattress . the quality of the manufacture is poor compared to what i originally purchased at macys . old adage - you get what you pay for 
it feels like cotton , the only problem is my king size runs smaller than normal . 
the mattress pad is normal thickness . i hope this helps your decision . 
yes 
we only use the sleeper sofa for guests so we remove the topper and put it back in the box when not using the bed . our recent guests raved about the comfort , so we were very pleased . it did not move once secured with sheets . 
my queen sheets still fit 
the tent and slide can be removed , but the bed would still be a low loft . it can not be used without the legs and ladder . 
42 1 2 inches from floor to top of rail 
it takes 5-7 business days to shop to wa . 
box a : 44 '' x 15 '' x 5 '' 39 lbs . box b : 75 '' x 14 '' x 3 '' 42 lbs . 
unfortunately , we do not have delivery arrangements to europe . 
yes ! ! 
it is not dishwasher safe . the inside coating is non-stick . so it should be easy to wipe with a warm sponge . putting it in the dishwater will compromise the beautiful exterior finish of your thermos . the manual in provided with the thermos clearly states it is not dishwasher safe . 
no ! its hard to drink out this cup and has a very bad design . all honesty , its pretty but not a very functional piece . 
mine says `` made in thailand '' . 
so good 
stainless 
sorry , i purchased for a gift 
probably cause it is made in china . 
yes , according to their faq `` all zojirushi products are bpa-free . the body of all our vacuum bottles is made of high quality stainless steel , and is bpa-free . lids , stoppers , mouth rings and other components are also bpa-free . '' 
yes . the filter part is easily removed and does not touch the screw top lid . 
the space underneath is the size of a twin mattress . some customers have used a mattress on the floor to sleep a second child . 
no , it only goes together as pictured , with the slide to the left . 
probably 3.5-8 or so years old ... kids love it because it 's a playhouse during the day , then a neat `` up high '' bed to sleep in ... the bonus is starting the day by going down their slide . what 's not to love ? 
i believe so my husband is 150 and gets on the bed it starts to creek so i think 160 is the weight limit including mattress ! hope that helps answer your question : ) 
oven capacity should be 13 1 2 in wide by 13 1 2 in deep by 9 in high . [ microwave ] 
only purchase fasta pasta if it states `` sold by amazon , shipped by amazon '' . company that manufacturers product in the usa is selling directly to amazon . read warnings on their wedsite fastapastacooker.com about knockoffs from china . 
it 's the same , but there 's a pasta cooking chart that comes with it ... .tells serving size , water level , and cooking time . it 's for many types of pasta , spaghetti , linguini , fettuccini , lasagne , macaroni , shell pasta , egg noodles . i like this pasta cooker , unless i 'm cooking a very large amount . 
yes , i use it to cook rice more often than pasta . they provide instructions on their web site for cooking all sorts of foods . i have cooked both white and brown short grain rice using their directions and it works beautifully . 1 cup short grain white rice + water fill level ii + 17 minutes cooking . 1 cup short grain brown rice + water fill level iii + 28 minutes cooking . they also provide instructions for medium and long grain rice . 
the same , my wife loves it . we have pasta more now because , no pots no strainer . the other brand is 27.00 and the woe rks the same 
yes it is bpa free , from their site , `` q. i 'm concerned about the dangers of using plastic to cook in the microwave . why is fasta pasta safe ? a. made of bpa free fda approved microwave safe material . the material used to manufacture fasta pasta is really a polypropylene copolymer and surpasses fda approval for contact with food in the microwave . it also surpasses the more stringent european specification for food contact while cooking . this is a special resin that will not leak gaseous toxins at high temperatures and classified by the fda as approved for food contact while cooking . this material is more expensive than food storage plastics . most plastic storage containers are not for microwave cooking . they are made of fda approved plastic for food contact and intended to be used for storing food , not cooking . '' . 
hi , this item we have black finish is the darkest color and mahogany is between cherry and walnut finish . 
kind of a dark espresso 
hi , we ship by ups ground they go by weights and dimensions . even we pack together the shipping rate goes up . thank you ! 
outside 20 '' h x 16 '' w x 4 1 4 '' d. interior 18 '' h x 14 1 4 '' w x 3 '' d . 
just the one . item may be cheaper from the original supplier ( ikea ) . 
did you save the one page paper that came in the package ? that is the kamenstein instructions for use . there is information there for all facets of the scale . battery - how to operate 'zero & tare ' functions - auto & manual shutoff - warning indicators - etc . here 's the short of it ~ maximum weight 11 lb . 1. if using a bowl , place it on the scale before turning the unit on . 2. press the on off button & wait till the '0 ' appears before weighing anything . to convert weight units press the unit button to covert between standard ( pounds - ounces ) and metric ( kilograms - grams ) systems during the course of weighing 'zero ' & 'tare ' functions use these to weigh different loads consecutively without removing the loads from the scale . zero function this function operates when the total sum of all loads on the scale is 7 ounces or less . each time the z t button is pressed , the lcd will reset to '0 ' and an 'o ' icon will show in the lower left corner of the lcd . to use & gt ; 1. put the first load on the scale and get the weight reading . & gt ; 2. press the z t button to reset the lcd to '0 ' before adding the next load . & gt ; 3. repeat steps 1 & 2 as necessary . tare function this function operates when the total sum of all the loads on the scale is 7 ounces or more . each time the z t button is pressed , the lcd will reset to '0 ' and a 'tare ' icon will show in the upper left corner . to use & gt ; 1. put the first load on the scale and get the weight reading . & gt ; 2. press the z t button to reset the lcd to '0 ' before adding the next load . & gt ; 3. place the second load on the scale and get the weight reading for this load only . & gt ; 4. press the z t button to see the total weight of all loads on the scale & gt ; 5. press the z t button again to reset the lcd to '0 ' before adding the next load . & gt ; 6. repeat steps 1-5 as necessary , up to the scales maximum weight capacity . auto shutoff the scale will automatically shut off after 2 minutes of inactivity manual shutoff press the on off button warning indicators lo - low battery err - scale maximum weight has been exceeded . icon indicators tare ~ tare weight - ~ negative value o ~ zero weight lb ~ pounds oz ~ ounces g ~ grams kg ~ kilograms the above information is from the page that came with the scale additional information ~ 1 kilogram is 1,000 grams 1 kilogram is 1 liter of water 1 kilogram is 2.20462262 lbs 1 gram is .0352 oz 7.1 grams is 1 4 of an oz ( 0.25 ) hope this helps . 
press the `` unit '' button . it will change to ounces in one or two clicks . 
my scale uses regular 9v battery ! 
no it does n't this is very well made iron and worth the little extra in price . 
it has steam nearly all the time . i iron a lot and very happy with this . 
right away unless you pick it up quickly . 
as far as i know , it is only 110 . 
yes it does . 
1500 watts . the wattage was printed on the base of the iron . 
i use my iron every so often and it works great ! i would recommend it . 
i 've only had it about 8 months and use it a couple times a month so it is hard to tell at this point . the steam works great and it irons nicely . 
96 '' x 104 '' for the king 
yes , but you need to buy a ( sold separately ) bracket to mount it or build your own in-wall stand to put it on . it 's quite heavy . if you mount it with their bracket , it only recesses 4 inches , but you can still use the heater , which blows down . if you recess it any further , you 'd have to take off the heater and use it as a visual only , otherwise you 'd be blowing the hot air behind your sheetrock , which is probably a fire hazard . 
do you mean hang it flush with the wall ? i do n't think so , unless you have an enclave you can set the unit on . the large glass screen goes in front of the metal heating unit , which is shorter , and has about a 4 or 5 inch thickness , so it will stick out from the wall , if that 's what you 're talking about . 
this unit can heat upwards of 400 square feet . 
here are the dimensions 50.4 '' w x 26.4 '' h x 6 '' d viewing area : 31.5 '' w x 11 '' h 
the vents are on the top & bottom of the unit behind the facing surround . carlos 
15ft 
do not buy from this company ! ! ! but to answer your question the largest room i have it 's about 12x15 and it cool and heats it good . now this particular one i have it in the kitchen and i do not use much . the reason that i am telling you to do not buy this specific one is that it advertises as a complete set and it does not bring the copper pipes that you need their customer service is horrible and likes to argue with you . and yes they will take it back but they will try to charge you a 22 % to return it plus shipping and handling . there are other a c ductless that are great comes complete and the only thing you have to do is put it up and vacuum them . the people from highseer sell some great ones and the brand name is pioneer and those are the ones i use in the rest of the house . 
i have not installed unit due to contractor delays . it should be , but if the exchange unit is elevated above condenser unit , additional coolant is nessary to overcome atmospheric pressure . can you advise on your experience ? 
yes . 
to install it you will need also : line set 15 
a product review said , `` no . '' the seller was asking for $ 150.00 additional for a 15 ' line set . 
no , it does not rust . 
yes , works great . i use it every day in my bathroom . 
yes 
i 've been using it many times daily since mid-may and it works on the same batteries wonderfully . i have it tuned to the lowest setting which outputs plenty of soap . i love it ! 
the entire unit is 17.27cm deep x 11.43cm wide x 21.34cm tall 
it 's a wonderful machine but it does not foam . i have several of them and love them . 
large 11 3 4 '' , med 9 1 2 '' , small 7 3 4 '' - excellent pans and value 
no 
yes that 's the type of stove top i have 
bien 
i have ~ $ 600 worth of locomotives in mine . i hung it level and very secure to the wall . nothing moves when i open the front panel to put in more locomotives . it is safe for use when secured tightly to the wall . hope this info helps you . they are great display cases . 
dimensions : 18 '' h x 38 '' w x 2.3 '' d weight ( net ) : 15 lbs interior depth : 1 5 8 '' shelf height : 2.5 '' 
37 '' x 19 1 2 '' x 2 3 8 '' 
hi , it 's been a while since i bought this so i do n't have the original paperwork that may possibly answer this question . however , i will say that i always use the spray-on waterproofing before i do a 2-5 day camping trip . have n't had an issue yet doing this to combat the fl summer rains . 
i do n't know ... it looks like a sunglass shami 
i bought 2 but none of my sleeping bags fit . my large colmen sleeping bags do n't fit . it only went half way in before it was full . http : www.amazon.com coleman-sabine-large-cold-weather-sleeping dp b003640kd4 ref=sr_1_24 ? s=sporting-goods & ie=utf8 & qid=1364786881 & sr=1-24 & keywords=sleeping+bag looks lit it would fit my children 's sleeping bags . maybe a adult mummy bag . 
i do n't know but there is no paint inside so you do n't have to worry about that . it is truly awesome no leaking dishwasher safe and perfect size . 
the steel one is dishwasher safe but the painted ones are not . the lids are top rack safe . 
am only aware of one type and it 's excellent and foolproof . best cup going . 
16 ounces 
i usually just hand wash then pour boiling water on it if it 's particularly dirty . 
the newer design has a little snap-tight flap under the lid that you open , then just put it in the dishwasher . i also put the older style lid ( without the opening flap ) in the dishwasher and have n't had any problems . 
there are a few different styles but on the one i have ( 16oz i believe ) the lid is wavy so it 's hard to be exact . to the top of the tallest part is almost exactly 20cm or ~7.9 inches . 
2.5 inches 
got a 9 year old grandson who has not made it squeak yet . but he only jumps on it and weights 70 lbs , i on the other dont jump on it and i 'm up and down most nights severals times and i weigh about 240 and no noise , i have a 10 inch memory foam mattress on this bed . good simple inexpensive frame , put a bed skirt on it lots of pillows and am using as a day bed 
i see four holes through the frame on both ends that might be used to install brackets . hope that helps . 
you can not connect them , but they can be pushed together . 
4400 it 's very sturdy . 
no they ca n't be adjusted , the leg assemblies simply fold and lock into position . 
from the amazon website : product dimensions : 7 x 4.2 x 4.5 inches ; 12 ounces 
no , unfortunately - this should n't be used for liquid foods . 
it 'll fit in the bottom compartment sliced . the top two are better for something like baby carrots or almonds 
i have had no issues microwaving in it , per their website : it is microwavable , dishwasher safe , & bpa-free . 
not long . the box is made out of a relatively thick , but single wall of plastic . so its durable but has no insulation . 
no , i just spray it with a little cooking spray and have had no problems at all ! i live these pans ! 
mrs. anderson 's is an american company that makes various bakeware so i do n't think it is made in france . it 's most likely manufactured in taiwan or something . hahaha . that said , this pan works very well and i have never had problems with sticking or uneven heating so i would recommend it if you are looking for a madeleine pan . 
i think it 's some kind of steel . it 's magnetic and mine already has a bit of rust on the bottom edge and i have n't even used it yet . : ( 
the unit warms quickly -- -just a few minutes . the towel , depending on its size varies . we only turn it on just prior to showering and leave it on for a half to one hour . does the job . 
in my opinion none other than looks . we like straight lines so we got the straight model . 
yes . it will dry towels left on it . 
this is an impossible questions to answer as it depends entirely on how many hours a day you have it on . if it is on continuously it uses 150 watts per hour or 1,314 kwhrs ( or units ) of electricity per year . i have mine connected by a switch timer for about 3 hours a day from 6:30 am until 9:30 am . this reduce the units used to about 164 units per year . it takes about 20 to 30 minutes to warm up the towels to a nice temperature and then one of us generally gets up about 7 am and the other 7:30. it could go off earlier if we were consistent when we get up but some days it is an hour later but as we are both retired it is somewhat random . if your use a timer which also has days of the week programmed you may only need to keep it on for 2 hours day timed for hone you get up . on weekends you could set it for a later start . please remember that this towel warmer does not have a thermostat . it is not needed . i left on deliberately for 6 oto 8 hours to see how hot it would get with and without the towels on it . it does get hot but not in my humble opinion hot enough to burn you if you touched itbut you will know about about it . i was wanted to know what happened to the towels it did not get any where close to stroking them . sorry for the long answer but your question needed a broader answer than you were probably expecting . 
overall , it 's great . i would recommend that you have have your electrician put it on a wall switch timer and just leave the switch that 's on the rack in the on position all the time . this way you wo n't ever worry about remembering to turn it off . 
i suppose they are . i have a glasstop stove , and i use these pans on it every day . these are my favorite pans to cook with . 
unfortunately flamekiss is made in korea . the set is nice but like you i always look for made in the usa and would gladly pay more to support americans and us manufacturing . it 's a great set though and the price is right . 
i 'd say no . since no heavy metals are used in the manufacturing process and induction cook tops uses an electromagnetic field to heat the cookware . the cooking vessel must have iron content , or be magnetic , to allow the transfer of the energy . flamekiss cookware is cast aluminum , which to me does not qualify as heavy metal . hope this helps . 
i just use mr. clean eraser . do n't put in dishwasher raw aluminum on bottom turns black 
no . the handles can not withstand the heat . 
no . 
i have a 6 burner gas top and have used these pans without any problems . the flames are directed over the bottom side of the pans pretty evenly . 
yes it is 100 % cotton 
we ordered the california king size , and although they 're slightly larger on the mattress , we love the fabric , texture and how they feel against our skin . therefore we just tuck 'em in a little more . 
yes 
hello , made in india ..wash cold , gentle cycle .do not bleach.trust me on that one . tumble dry low remove promptly 100 % cotton 
they are not shiny . i love these sheets . i think you will too . 
the king size i bought are toooo shoert for my king bed so they are defective . 
no 
6 inches wide x 8 inches long x .75 inches deep ( 3 4 inches ) . 
stays on well on a memory foam zeta long twin with motorized head and feet electric lifts in the bed hope that helps 
it 's deep enough to fit comfortably on my son 's dorm mattress which is 36 x 80 x 7. so you 'd have a little extra room but probably ( ? ) not enough to be a problem . good luck to you . 
yes . : ) 
you can build one . but this is the sort of thing where if you were to have the grand kids over or have a slumber party in the living room , this would be adequate for the night . for the night . this is n't something you want to keep on using , everyday . if you want a frame , get the one from ikea or get the other shikibuton style on amazon that costs more . 
i always put two together to make a thicker mattress . i used a flat twin size sheet to cover them . i sewed velcro strips down the two long sides of the sheet . putting the opening in the center back , i cover the futon mattresses with the sheet . to do that , lay the sheet on the floor , center the two mattresses on top of it . pull the sheet sides tight up and around the futons on both sides , using the velcro to hook the sides together . this makes one long velcro 'd seam in the center back . you could probably just use some large safety pins instead of the velcro if you wanted . i put this seamed side down on the floor . i just tuck extra fabric at the top and bottom between the two mattresses for a neater look . you could also just sew the sheet together like a big pillowcase and put the futons inside , but it takes a little elbow grease to get them in there if you want a tight enough fit so the mattresses stay in place . by wrapping the futons in the sheet , it keeps them on top of each other so that they do n't slide off of each other and it makes a pretty comfortable bed . 
yes twin fitted sheets fit perfect , we love flannel even though it 's hot in the day it 's perfect for cool nights 
no , it has no ties or straps . it stays folded up pretty well , though , even when stood on edge . 
i throw away the box already because i know when i saw shikibuton i liked it already but smell it 's bad.. i 'm sorry 
if you order today , 12 7 from us and include your personalization in the `` gift message '' box during checkout , your order will arrive before christmas . carol , serendipity shopper llc 
unfortunately , no . the barrels only come `` charred '' . carol , serendipity shopper llc 
we can get it to you by the 27th if you choose black bands and no engraving . please send us a message after purchase letting us know you need it by the 27th . 
three block initials and a block custom line ( max of 12 characters ) , so your `` est 10 18 14 '' would fit on the second line . i hope this helps . 
hello will , unfortunately , there is no way for us to guarantee delivery by next friday with engraving . 
mine has a 275 watt motor . i have the attachments for slicing , shredding and meat grinding ect . they all work well for me in my kitchen . 
yes . 
beater , wire whip and dough hook . 
i beleive the kitchen aid to be one of the very best machines avaiable . all of my attachments ( i have many ) work perfectly . i have been using my machine since the late 1980 's and no part of it has failed to date . 
yes , use the bread kneading attachment . 
yes , this product is for venezuela.it has been a very good experience 
each one individually if its laying flat line in the picture is about 5 1 2 inches long and the widest point across is about 3 inches the smallest is 2 1 2 and the 1 2 inch tall 
yes , these are very durable . i love these for travel . i used one on ship for a wet bathing suit . 
i ordered these in last july and have yet to receive them . i would advise against ordering from this outlet . 
yes , i ordered the queen size and it swallows my mattress . 
you should ask the manufacture of the earthing sheet . electric blankets arnt good for you tho : 
i was told not to do it . would love to have a second one to change with but too expensive . 
the sheets are extremely touchy and lose their conductivity easily . i 'm not familiar with that powder ( i use soap nuts ) , but if there is any oil involved , it will ruin the sheet . 
you will need to buy the twin size fitted sheet . they manufacture a twin size . 
i 'm sorry , i have no idea . i would contact the manufacturer or amazon , they should be able to tell you . we still love this mattress ! ! 
it 's not mushy at all . it 's pretty substantial ! 
standard 60 '' x80 '' x10 '' as in the product description . 
i 'm not sure . we ordered a different bed frame when we bought our mattress . 
i do n't believe so , but i am not 100 % sure 
perfect for side sleeping . im primarily a side sleeper and i dont miss the springs digging in my sides from my old bed . i have had this mattress for 2 yrs now and it still feels like the first time we slept in it . 
amazon does sell adjustable frames that say they are good for memory foam mattresses so i would think that this one could be used for it . if you already have a bed frame , what you should know is that these types of mattresses need to be on a very sturdy surface , not like a regular box spring or the warranty would be void . the reasons for this is that if they are not on a stable surface , they will not perform properly . my fiance built a wooden frame for our first memory foam mattress and did n't buy the correct type of wood for it . we 're not small people and the wood cracked a bit and we both noticed immediately that the mattress seemed to become spongy . he fixed the break in the frame and it immediately became sturdy again . do a search on adjustable bed frames for memory foam mattresses on amazon and see if yours looks like the ones amazon sells to see if it will work for you . 
prob 5-7 lbs 10 tops 
table 19.5 '' w x 23.25 '' l x 19.5 '' h ; chairs are 10.625 '' w and seat height is 11.25 '' . i would tell you that if you are getting it for a child to color and do crafts on it is fine . if you plan on having two kids on it you might want to look for a bigger size table . it 's a nice table , just not quite big enough for our two boys . 
i have n't noticed any smell . 
you will be just fine ! very , very , sturdy ! i sit on one of the chairs all the time and would n't even worry about it breaking ! : ) 
perfect for a toddler ... great quality but too small for a 6 year old 
no . this set is great . very durable . my 2 year old stands , jumps and do anything imaginable a 2 year old thinks of on this set . i have n't noticed or smelled any chemicals . 
tough question . i like the small footprint for storage . but , we make a lot of waffles from sourdough starter and freeze them every few weeks . it would be nice to have a 4 square since we make about a dozen when we make them . but , this waffle iron has performed perfectly and i think if i had to make a choice - i would still choose this one for it 's small footprint for storage . 
no wattage is noted on the machine . it makes great waffles , two squares at a time , and does not draw enough to blow a breaker . that is all i care about . 
i never spray my plates w oil ( because i 've never needed to ) , and so i just wipe my plates down with a soft cloth at the end . if there is a bit of fruit sticking to them ( rare ) , i use a damp cloth . 
they are crispy on the outside . not sure that 'chewy ' is an appropriate way to describe the inside , tender sounds more true to what they are . one has the ability to set the dial to determine amount of 'doneness ' ( as with a toaster ) so you could control yours to your personal taste . best waffle iron ever , and i have tried many ! 
indeed . the waffle iron feels well insulated . the handle and exterior stay cool too the touch during operation . 
from wikipedia , the free encyclopedia jump to : navigation , search this article is about the american company founded as salton inc.. for the original british company , see russell hobbs . h ! i found some additional information as to whether or not it will grind quinoa . this is from salton.com not recommended the grinder will grind most dry or brittle substances . it will not grind anything which is moist , gummy or extremely hard ( chocolate , nuts , whole nutmeg , candied ginger , etc . ) . it will not make pastes of any kind from seeds such as sunflower or sesame . grinding cinnamon , cloves and nutmeg is not advised as the oils and hardness can cause the plastic lid to pitt , discolor or crack . grains such as corn , wheat , rice barley and rye may also cause damage to the lid . chopping , mincing or pureeing of soft foods is not recommended . it was a bit difficult trying to find where salton products are manufactured i saw one source that said the united states and on wikipedia it says irussell hobbs , inc. ( formerly salton , inc. ) ( not to be confused with the british company of the same name ) was a united states company based in florida that manufactured home appliances , most notably the george foreman grill and russell hobbs appliances . as of june 2010 , russell hobbs inc was taken over by and became part of spectrum brands . spectrum brands bought russell hobbs in 2010 , all its products are manufactured in china hopefully this helps a bit ! thanks ! ! cheryl 
hi ! thanks for your inquiry . i did a bit of research and found nothing that specifically said that it can be used to grind quinoa or millet into flour . in the description it says - `` grinds coffee beans for the freshest cup of coffee . powerful quiet motor with high speed blade that grinds beans , spices and herbs quickly and uniformly . '' i ship al my items through amazon so i can not read any detailed instructions from the product information it contains . thanks . please contact us if you have further questions . cheryl 
yes . `` powerful quiet motor with high speed blade that grinds beans , spices and herbs '' 
no it does not include any batter nor recipe guide , its the one and only item the flip jack pan . 
i have made omlets with ham , cheese , bell peppers , and onions . what i did was started cooking the egg and cheese and as it got firm i added in the veggies and flipped it . it is a smaller skillet and not too deep so you kind of have to work around it . the hard part is if the egg is too uncooked and it seeps out the side . it takes practice but is doable . it 's definitely not as deep as other skillets though . 
i do n't see why not . i have not tried that yet , but i guess if you turn it gently it might work . anytime you turn an egg over it will have a chance of breaking . 
mine are not oven safe 
honest to goodness , i wouldnt use this thing for anything . its really horrible , im not kidding ... 
no , this pan was a total waste , it was so bad , i threw it away b c i wasnt able to return it without all the packaging . everything totally stuck to both sides of it . its not worth the money in my opinion . 
they come with instructions right on the packaging . i cant remember if they were all seasoned the same way or not to be honest . but they all do need to be seasoned prior to use . mine discolored just after seasoning , even tho i followed the instructions perfectly . i ended up throwing this pan away , i should have read the reviews first . what a hunka junk : ( 
9 inches 
yes , but you may have to use a few of the coffee pellets to get to a full cup . 
negative ... .you can only use expresso pods and order them via phone inter-net once you set up your account . they have a wide variety of excellent coffees and average price is between .70 - .75 cents . we have both keurig and deloghi machines . once last comment . when you order new coffee , you 'll have it within two days , so plan ahead . 
and very good ones 
no 
12 '' l x 6.5'w x 9 '' h and love love love it ! 
110vac - 60 hz 
the height is 1 3 4 '' . i 'm sure the orginal packageing stated 2 '' . it is 4 '' in diamenter . hope this helps . 
yes . 
no . it 's meant for the 5-cup coffee makers . 
i do n't know . it said that it would work in my bunn . but it did not . coffee was everywhere . some reviews even said it would work . i guess it depends how strong you like coffee and how full you fill it . sorry wish i could have helped . 
no . it 's for the smaller machines . 
it fits in a standard round coffee maker that is pretty universal . do n't know the exact measurement . 
does it have a middle stick for disc type percolators and will it fit 7.5 '' diameter coffee percolator ? 
yes . 
i have a bunn it works perfectly . 
it 's a ( poorly ) printed faux fabric . it looks nothing like the picture . 
thanks for your question ! you can return most new , unopened items sold and fulfilled by amazon.com within 30 days of delivery for a full refund . our online returns center guides you through the process and gives you a printable return mailing label . just click on the link below : 
overall dimensions : 17 3 8 '' w x 11 1 2 '' d x 28 3 4 '' h ( 44cm w x 29.2cm d x 73.1cm h ) 
there is model 414032 that is similar . 
the top is made up of different brown tones . 
no , i 'm sorry it does not . 
i guess it depends on thickness and length . i imagine it could hold six to eight , maybe more . i use it for toilet paper , woman 's personal pads , wipes , soap , etc . i can get a lot of stuff in there . 
it comes with one year manufacturer warranty . after receive the product , customer has 15 days to contact seller if any issues occur . 
it is 115 v 60hz 1 phase . 
it 's not completely silent but even on the high fan mode it seems pretty quiet . i 'd say it 's quieter on its highest setting than my box fan on its lowest setting . 
it includes a window mount for the exhaust tube that changes width to fit most windows . 
this is tzseller , thank you for your question , the product dimensions is 10.5 '' ( l ) x 6.625 '' ( w ) x 11.75 '' ( h ) thanks tz 
hi , this is tzseller , thank you for your question , for part request please send us a email for detail . thanks tz 
hi , this is tzseller , thank you for your question , the cutter able to cut max up to 3.5 '' x 5 '' ( l ) . thanks tz 
i have a victorio food strainer 250 and the motor has really saved my husband 's shoulder because we process a lot of tomatoes , berries , and grapes . i am sure it fits all models although the instructions do not say what it will fit and what it wo n't . but the parts are a standard size and an electric drill motor can even be hooked up to it although i do n't recommend that because it does n't work as well as the victorio motor . 
most certianly 
this listing is for the motor that goes on the vkp250 sauce maker . the screen that does come on the sauce maker is called the standard screen . it does tomato and apple sauce very well . 
no 
we do n't ship internationally either , but if you look past the bullet points on this listing there are other sellers that you can get this from . in there , there is a seller that shows international shipping rates available and they may ship to you . 
no 
no that would be better made in a blender or food processor . this product motor is used with the food strainer for fruits and vegetable to make sauces and purees . 
they are sold separate . motor is $ 54 and strainer is $ 51 
no . it does n't . it stays green . the mat itself is a bit thin , but it was perfect for what i need it for , just a way to dry glasses without them getting a bunch of condensation stuck inside . 
must be mounted on a wall . 
i 'm sure it is -- the box is wood . it comes painted white but there 's no reason you could n't change that . 
the biggest hole is 2 3 4 inch diameter snd is meant for the hairdryer but i guess you could fit something that was two inches wide in it instead - the other holes are smaller do i doubt it 
mine did come already assembled . it had instructions on hoe to assemble it and i do not know why they put them in there but it was assembled and painted . all we had to do was hang it up and put my appliances in 
the flat iron one is big enough for my 1-inch revlon model to fit when closed . the curling iron holes are about 3 inches in diameter . hope this helps . i love this thing . 
first you release the cord from its clip . then you turn the knob to release the cord ( like your vacuum cleaner ) . after that , you can pull the curling iron out of the tube and begin to use it . 
thread count is not more than 300 i would guess ( not real cheap but not real expensive ) ! ! these sheets do wash well . a good buy for the money ! 
it is light red , dark blue and white . 
blue and pink also keep in mind the material is cotton poly . i found it very uncomfortable and have disposed of the sheets 
hello ! it does n't come with hardware to anchor it , you would have to know how to do that yourself . i think it is doable , you would just have to get creative and know how to use a drill ! we really like the shelf . it is pretty sturdy and we have n't had any problems with it ! 
the whole unit as pictured - the base with 4 drawers and a shelf + 3 more shelves that form the ladder , so 4 total shelves and 4 drawers . 
i ordered from furniture creations and was very happy with the product and service . one drawer bottom was missing , that did not interfere with me being able to completely assemble the item and they had it shipped to me in no time at all . highly recommend them . 
yes , it will turn infinitely in either direction . 
it mostly just sits there but has been pretty secure for my setup . i have a 42 '' lcd on it and no problems with it staying put . it gets spun about 2 or 3 times a day . 
i 'm not positive , but i do n't think so . unless you used some kind of glue for the bottom , like gorilla glue . and then you would never get it loose from the tv stand or whatever you were using it on . but you could n't attach it with nails or screws . actually , if you knew you did n't want to change the size of it.. you could glue it.. as it does tend to move a little . i do have to adjust mine from time to time . also , i used wd40 inside it to make it move smoother . 
not visibly . this thing is great 
no , it is too small for that large of a tv . 
i would say measure the base of your tv to see if it will fit . my tv is a 19 '' and it just fits the lazysusan . so , i would guess you should purchase a larger size . 
i have the delonghi ec155 and now have a collection of various sized tampers bought trying to find the right one ... . the 51mm vktech fits perfectly . i 'm guessing many delonghi 's use the same size filters as mine , but can not verify ... . ( note : even if it 's the wrong size , it would make a great paperweight ... . ) 
not easily . it 's one solid piece . 
it really does not need washing . just wipe with towel . 
outside diameter . tamps 52 mm basket perfectly . 
yes . 
this particular piece , as we bought it , is 51 mm in diameter , which calculates out to 2.01 inches , or 2 inches . make something like a toothpick exactly 2.0 inches long and see how much clearance you will have . i am using it with a 52 mm basket and it works perfectly ( 2.05 inches ) . if it does not fit , you might have 48 mm ( 1.89 inches ) and will need to find a tamper of the right diameter . 
we really like this tamp . it 's very heavy and feels like it 's well made and will last forever . 
i have no idea . i have a la pavoni sp16 , and it fits it just fine ( 51mm ) . one thing about it : the tamper is heavy , solid polished stainless steel . it 's beautiful to look at and handle , but was shipped from china in a small plastic bag , with no packing material , whatsoever . i was astounded . it had several minor dings in it , but if it had been packed at all , it would not have had them . dumbest thing i have seen in a while . 
i dont receive not yet 
yes . it will . it works on ours and should work on yours . 
yes mine stays that way until company comes over which isnt often 
it 's memory foam but not very thick . that said , it made all the difference with my sleeper sofa . 
no , we do not have this item in a queen size . 
all of the hardware i 've purchased so far are 6mm in diameter . the hole size required is 1 4 inch . 
so sorry we only have this one in stock right now . 
sorry , we do n't have . 
according to their site are : http : reditainer.com ? page_id=327 
yes , you can put this in the freezer then microwave . it wo n't bend or warp like other packages unless you 're overheating it by a couple of minutes . i use it daily from my freezer straigt into the microwave . 
yes it has 
i find them quiet 
the air flows through the front plate that the fans are attached to . in the picture they would be flowing out the top . 
i am sure they can but why would you need to ? a 
i wanted to have this push air out of the enclosure , so i simply unscrewed the fans and flipped them over then simply screwed the fans back . it is very simple and works . i use it and i havent had a problem . it actually pulls alot of air through the enclosure that i have my cpu tower in . keeps it cooler . 
the airflow is weak relative to its size , may not work for you depends on the size of your refrig . 
i 'm not sure but i doubt it . i no longer have it so i ca n't check specifications . 
yes it does - my wife loves this thing ! 
same here . we figured out a way it would work for us . unfortunately , with made in china products there will be some improvising . 
the legs , drawer sides and fronts , and the structure attached to the legs are solid wood . there is a wood veneer on the front and the rest is medium density fiberboard with a white finish . i ca n't tell if there is a thin veneer on it or just paint , but the appearance is good . i had never looked that closely before and was surprised that it is mdf . 
vanity is 55 '' in height including mirror , 44 '' in width , 20 '' in depth . stool seat is 14x20 , height of stool is 17 '' 
they are pretty deep , but honestly , from sleeping on it-its starting to tear . its not that old 
hi . i would think so . it 's not as thick as my previous mattress pad but it 's very soft and i have n't had an issue since putting it in my bed . it would add that extra layer but also be flexible to fix on a futon . 
sorry to have taken so long to respond . yes , we measured and it 'll fit an 8-in mattress . 
no it does n't come with a skirt ... . 
i drink out of this bottle . 
the bottle is hard glass which is easy to clean but slippery i dropped one and broke it . it also gets cold fast which is good . inside is a plastic tube that holds the fruit . the green top is glass and hard plastic . it had a rubber seal which is air tight but can be difficult to clean . it is easy to exchange fruit when needed . 
i would n't recommend it for loose leaf . the holes are too big to use it for that . 
not sure . insert is plastic if that helps any . 
hi , not that i am aware of . enjoy the day . sincerely , sean narrow road 
i would want an entire new bottle personally , i would wonder if the new glass piece would fit with the top 
you need something because the mattress will sink between the slats . a box spring will set the mattress way to high for the bed design though . i just flattened the box after i unpacked the bed pieces , and laid it over the slats . worked perfect ! 
total two boxes 
yes , my 12 inch memory foam mattress fits perfectly . 
i do n't know the exact height on the sides , i can tell you i have a 13 '' mattress on it and it a little over 2 feet 
no , there are 2 legs under the center of the bed . the bed is also very low to the ground , maybe only 4 inches of clearance or so , so not very ideal for under bed storage 
yes . no need for the foundation 
it is brown but it is a very dark brown and it has a faux wood grain done with blacks and browns which adds to a darker appearance . the overall affect is a deep dark brown wood but depending on your lighting it may appear to be more black than brown . 
yes , bottom drawer holds hanging files . 
sorry for the late response . the desk is actually 2ft'6 '' ( 30 inches ) high . the width is 3ft'11 '' ( 47 inches ) . against a wall , the desk comes out a little over 2ft . 
26.5 inches across and 28 inches from floor to bottom of desk 
same # 4as others ... .hope th 
yes i bought 2 different size blades works great 
i have one and i just use the regular size that you get at the store . i have cut them in half if i felt they were too long or too fat though , and it works just fine that way . also works good if you need to dice onions 
i went to manufacturer web page 
no this has a grid , which pushes the potato through to cut french fries , or zucchini sticks etc.. 
shoestring fries are 3 8 '' but yes it will , some people use the 1 4 '' for fries ... .so its your choice 
seperately ? there was 4 cups in my cutter when it arrived . 
have not tried 
we have a 55 '' tv and it is 29 inches from the bottom of the tv to the floor . 
no sorry this does not swivel 
this is a free-standing tv stand . thank you , wishack 
if i can remember they were plastic and im not sure how many came cause i did n't use them , but i think there was a couple different sizes . 
i think you could put a flat screen of that size on it ; i have a 47 '' and it would fit . the top surface does not get warm , nor does any heat come up from the back . the heat is transmitted through vents at the upper front portion and blows straight out . i 'm unsure if static electricity would be a problem . the unit is definitely stable enough to support the television , but only you can determine the risk for tip-over . 
22 1 2h x 28 1 2 w x 11 3 4 d 
it 's very quiet , just a slight hum . i do n't even notice it . i 've had mine for several weeks ! quite satisfied ! 
yes you can . the heater is on a thermostat that can be set to whatever temperature you want and will run even with the flames turned off . 
hi savanah , i believe the casters are about an inch and a half in diameter ... .mine sits on carpet , so i am a bit unsure 
do n't do it crystal ! that will not only burn your stockings it will most likely start a fire . i have had this unit for a year and something popped in it yesterday . make sure you buy the warranty like i did . good luck . kind regards , itsbeautiful 
31 `` wide by 26 '' high . works great . 
it 's pretty noisy . not uncomfortable but noisy 
using talk to text so formatting may be a bit off however i should say i am not at all i know it by the fan obviously it 's a matter of perception but it is in my opinion very low and i also can thoroughly enjoy the device i feel like it 's really well made and that you will enjoy it or get use out of it so give it a try i do n't think you 'll be disappointed 
it is light weight and it looks bright and summery . 
no , requires a top sheet , but excellent product ... this yr we used during winter and some times during this late spring . 
we have not tried to wash at of this date . i think it will be washed in soft cycle when we change to our winter coverlet . it is synthetic and i see no reason it can not be washed . based on price and cost to send to cleaners , you could buy one somewhat often . we will absolutely try the home wash method . i do think my wife will not let our housekeeper do the washing . 
it 's only one . i bought two each $ 22 sth . 
yes 
no , it 's indoor fabric . the color is true to the picture 
yes , just don`t assemble the top and the top legs . there will be pre drilled holes showing but so small not to notice on the black wood . one thing- mine was made so cheaply with pre drilled holes in wrong places that i had to drill all new holes anyhow . ok but not a passer downer ! ! 
yes , however there will be tracks for the glass visable . great stand overall 
yes ! i have a huge heavy yamaha receiver in mine 
the height of the opening is 6.25 inches . the opening is 14.5 inches from the floor , and 68.5 inches wide between the support posts . 
yes , the glass panels are easily removed . they have retractable ( with a flat blade ) wheels that they slide back and forth with in the grooves in the wood . easy to retract and then remove . 
yes . 
wood . there are no specific feet . the unit rests on wood pieces . 
black 
the entire unit is 19 1 2 '' h x 17 3 4 d. the center partition is 22 '' w x 13 '' h x 16 3 4 '' d . 
the shelf is adjustable . 
yes 
yes.thinish and very soft 
yes . they are made from high strength micro fiber yarn . 
i do not have any description on a label , other than what is shown on the website . 
yes they do 
the bento box was n't designed to keep liquids , it has never leak on me but that 's only if you keep it standing up . the seal comes off very easily . sooo i would say no . the seal is not very good . 
the bottom is approximately 7 '' by 4 1 2 '' and the top is divided into two 3 1 2 '' by 4 1 2 '' sections 
it can hold in the bottom compartment three slices of standard loaf bread , or one `` average '' sandwich . i usually make mine on a single piece of bread folded in half , then i can have `` four '' little sandwiches . 
yes 
i did n't use mine yet . thx 
yes 
a single post is 98 mm long plate-to-plate and 112 mm total length ( end to end including the screw ) . it 's about 4 mm wide at the narrowest part of the post . a few things to consider ... the pieces are cast , not machined , so the screw threads do n't fit well , and when screwed together it might not be totally straight , or completely tight . we bought additional rubber washers to tighten the sections down better . also , the screw on the bottom sticks out a bit , so unless the dishes you use have a significant foot , there will be even more wobble . because of the wobble factor , we did n't feel comfortable going three high with stoneware due to the weight , but two levels ( a 12-in dinner plate and a 9-inch salad plate ) worked really well . we were able to do three tiers with melamine plates since they are lighter , but the stand is somewhat prone to tipping . we bought little rubber stick on feet to help even out the bottom . you will need a 1 4 inch diamond drill bit to do stoneware or china ( we bought the dewalt here on amazon ) . we were able to drill melamine plates with a regular wood drill bit , but it dulled quickly . overall , it 's fairly cheap hardware ( not great quality control , chromed pot metal ) but the price is low , and it looks nice assembled . if you 're using fine china and trying to get something that looks expensive , though , you might want to consider a different product . 
i had it for about 3 months and have no complaint to this moment , still looking pretty good shinny and no scratches i 'm happy with it . 
yes , but very flimsy . i used clear glass plates that i bought at costplus and it holds them ... but it is not stable . 
we took some old plates and drilled a hole in the center . 
you could go through your own plates or go to a thrift store~ however~ they do need to be drilled in the center in order for this to work 
i bought these thinking i could use some vintage plates i had . the problem with that idea is to drill a hole in the plates is very hard , almost impossible without the right type of drill . i ended up looking for a tiered cake set that also included the plates . 
hi joya . no , just the hardware . i 'm going to use some of the beautiful the plates i 've collected over the years . i find them at thrift stores and consignment shops . 
i do n't really know but one thing that i do know this is the best cookware i have ever owned . i have purchased cookware that i thought was a great value , but ended up regreting spending the money on `` junk '' . the cookware looks great , cleans up wonderfully and i would recommend this purchase if you are considering purchasing the cooks standard nc . 
some of the other cook 's standard sets are reportedly made in china - this set may be as well . wish they were made in usa . . . 
yes , so far they have been awesome . definitely a great buy . 
the lids are glass with stainless rims and handles . 
they are glass with stainless steel rim . they are great cookware . 
yes both frying pans can use lids from the pots . 
yes they fit . 
brown . but it is really dark . i have black furniture and the pillow coordinates well . 
worked for me ! 
i do n't see why it could n't be . the case is made of a more durable type fabric . it would n't be waterproof but if you had a waterproof pillow to stuff it with i would say it could work ok outside . 
they are covers 
sorry these cases do not come with the pillow insert , and nor do we sell pillow inserts . 
18x18 fits perfectly ! 
it is flat , perfect for use on a smooth top electric dual burner . 
yes , we use it on our gas stove all the time . very happy with it . 
i have not . but judging from the fact that my griddle warped on medium-high heat after only weeks of use , i would not use it . great for pancakes , torillas , eggs over easy . 
yes , it can safely go in oven up to 350 degrees with the rubber handles . 
soak it in water . 
i have never put it in the dishwasher as it is too large . it is super easy to clean . 
yes 
dear c.smith , the only difference will be the spatula . otherwise the cooking ability is the same . thank you for allowing us to be of service to you . sincerely , tonia d . 
induction cooktops require cookware that is magnetic - - iron , steel , etc .or clad in magnetic material . generally speaking , aluminum , copper , glass or pyrex , non-magnetic stainless steel etc will not work . you can goggle `` induction cooking '' for more details . 
that is what i have read . i have two distillers now b c i live in a big a city and the water quality is horrible ... not to mention all the fluoride and chloride in it . i absolutely love our distillers , but i do recommend buying the cleaning solution for them and back up filters . i replace our carbon filters once a month and clean the containers ( soak it in the cleaning solution for a few hours & rinse ) once a week . also be sure to buy glass jugs or bpa free plastic containers for your fridge to store . the water taste so refreshing and clean . 
it looks like stainless steel tubing banded with aluminum heat dissipating fins . 
leesburg , florida . 
i dont think you can put it in an oven cause the handle will melt i guess 
the frying pan is deep enough to keep oil inside while cooking . i just measured the height of the wall . it is 2.3in . 
mine did n't do that . return it . 
i have been using this ( with an induction oven ) for than a year now . - never heard any popping sound . 
it is 10 '' on top 8 '' on base 
the body of the pan in aluminum , but it has a steel clad bottom . we use it all the time on our fagor induction burner and it works great . we rarely use it on our standard electric burners . 
the handle does not hold water . 
i 'm not sure . i wipe it clean with a sponge when i 'm finished using it . 
we use it on all types of floor surface and it works very well without creating any type of damage to the surfaces . 
great question sandra , this unit weights 15.1 lbs . 
i have no idea since our home has no shag carpets but it works well on all other type of carpets just by adjusting the height of the brushes . jim 
i do not have a cat , but i bet this will do great we have used it on new carpet and had to clean the filter every 5 minutes . 
just regular ol popcorn seed ... we use the one in the bag 
yes , the complete bottom section is stainless steel with holes to catch the kernels into a easy to clean stainless steel pull out drawer . all sides are glass including the door . 
no packets all corn seed ... . u can get it in a jar or in a bag 
the crank is to dump the kernels still left in the popper . i love this machine- so much better than microwave ! 
yes it will fit just fine on the kitchen counter . 
it 's 300 watts 
yes , it does leave unpopped kernels . i honestly think it has more to do with the corn itself , as i have never used anything that does n't . they do have a pretty cool sifter scoop that you can get to get rid of most of the kernels when serving , however ! 
you may try it but i recommend that you clean your pot after every batch . 
stainless and heavy duty , we use them in our camper and they can take a beating . 
hi shantanu - i am not at the property where these are stored so i am not able to view the bowls and see if there is a manufacturing mark . i doubt that there is one . i do not know where these bowls are made . s . 
for tovolo ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . for revere ware small quart 7.125 in od x 3.5 in ... ... small 2 cups 5.5 in od x 3.5 in medium 2.5 quart 8.625 in od x 4.5 in . medium quart 6.875 in od x 4.5 in large 4 quart 10.375 in od x 5.75 in .. large 2 quart 8.75 in od x 5.0 handle is 0.125 inches outside of od on revere ware bowls and may be positioned up inside of pressure cooker . add 0.5 inches if handle is up on tovolo bowls . i can not find a source for new revere ware bowls but used sets are available on ebay . 
i 'm sure they 're 316ss they go in the dishwasher and come out with no rust like you could get with 304ss- i work with stainless steel and would be considered an expert in the field . 
i think it 's the same thing as refurbished . for some reason these failed qc or were returned to the factory , were fixed and are getting sold back . i almost always buy refurbished because the item is cheaper and has been tested better than a regular item . the blender came factory packaged seemed brand new and works perfectly , i 'm pretty happy with it . 
750 watts equals 1 horse power for the breville . 
i do n't think so but i do not know for sure . mine lasted less than a year and i was very disappointed . i would recommend against buying refurbished . i certainly wo n't do it again . i bought a cheap oster to replace it and it works just fine still going strong . 
i do n't know of any power mixer that is quiet , but compared to my vitamix and the osterizer i replaced it with , my breville is considerably quieter . it is solidly built which reduces the high pitched scream the osterizer had , and it is less powerful than the vitamix which has a larger , louder motor . 
6 month warranty . 
is there a waranty with this product 
yes , it will fit under a 16 '' opening , considering side by side , from seat to floor will not make 16 '' opening . 
i have wood on my floors and i have not had any problem ! 
normal chair caster size , love the stools . got for my skin care school . 
yes 
no ... more like 18.5 or 19.5 
we do n't have ours against the wall but i would say about 1 ft. maybe 2 ft. tops . 
yes , it should work well for her . 
is this chair in wine color ? ? ? 
there are only two buttons ... .one to recline and the other to put it back to sitting position . if you continue holding the button after it gets to the sitting position it then starts the lift function . 
it is what they call leathersoft - `` leathersoft is leather and polyurethane for added softness and durability '' 
only the legs 
we have n't tried to bleach ours . i 'm sorry we ca n't answer this for you . 
i did . they shrunk a little bit . not sure if the color bleeds . the set i purchased was white . 
yes 
jane , the answer is no , there are not any plastic parts which make contact with the water . also , the unit is great and is value for dollar . i highly recommend . 
yes - the inside bottom of the kettle is flat , there are no visible heating elements ( even though i believe they must be somewhere there in the bottom ) . 
it depends on the cup size , i think i could use 5~6 of full mug cup . 
not sure . it shuts down as soon as it comes to a boil . it 's not hot enough for me , i always nuke it a bit . 
yes , i ordered the royal 1.5 liter stainless steel kettle , however i rec 'd the brentwood , i did a search online , it seems the company is now brentwood , a buyout i suppose . there is n't a difference , just in the name change . 
yes it does fit model # 6700. i checked , and that is the model i have . i have been using the replacement blade skirts on this blender . joan m . 
this juicer does an exceptional job on greens and leafy vegetables 
80 rpm 
when using ronco slow juicer you must peel certain fruits like oranges , lemons , limes , pineapple skin but also do not run the core of a pineapple through the ronco smart juicer or it will clog up the release flat that ejects the pulp . the ronco juicer does a great job in extracting the juice from fruits and vegetables and even sweet potatoes . 
i am not sure where it is made . i am however fairly certain that it is made in the same factory that makes that omega juicers which in my opinion are the best on the market . 
very large , but not good product 
wafer paper is smooth on one side and has texture on the other . 
it does not curl or loose its shap when printed with edible ink . i have used it often and love it 
mine are dated 05 2016. the sheets are in 2 sealed packages and should be good past the date of expire if kept dry . 
yes , they are sold in the 100 count . please enter this number into the amazon search : b00024wnvi 
i think this is only for cooking , i use them for cakes only . 
this is edible wafer ( rice ) paper used in cooking , baking 
with a straight edge across the top , i make the inside depth to be 1 & 9 16 inches in the center . the inside bottom may be slightly convex . 
1.5 '' deep . when these came in , i was very disappointed because it advertises as a deep pie plate but in reality , it 's average . i already had two pie plates with this depth and i know there are deeper ones out there that can handle the volume i had intended these for i just have to find them . 
the bottom of the pie plate says mexico . i bake my fruit pies , then freeze them in these pie plates . 
it is 11 inch 's ! i hope i answered you question . 
they 're just a tad under 2 inches 
sorry , i have no idea . 
sorry pie plate is 2 in i did buy a square pan and that was 3 to 4 inches 
it 's real wood . for the price its very nice . it 's delicate and light weight but gorgeous . if you just want a `` cute little white shabby chic '' type table , then i would highly recommend it . if you are looking for a more `` sturdy , heavy '' table then it would probably be at least twice the price . personally , i love this little table and the price was right . 
i think a regular tv or a flat screen tv easy . but not one of those majorly huge 50 '' old extremely heavy tv that were so heavy you had to have two people to lift it . i use mine as a lap top and writing desk for my guest room ! i love this table ! 
no it does not-easy assembly though 
31.5 h , 31 w 16 d 
white 
36 inches 
no this was not a great product . it just gives a slight impression of the design not an actual lace look . and since it is just one design in a pattern it wont look like a peice of lace it will look like one pattern over and over 
do n't know have n't tried it . used it on fondant and it works great . 
i used my impression mat on buttercream icing . i let the icing harden a little and it did a pretty good job . 
assembled it is 40 '' wide and 69 '' in length and the hight at the seat is17 '' and back hight is 40 '' 
a little bit of both more golden 25 % taupe 75 % golden 
no . you must attached the back to the bottom , and screw in the feet . it 's real easy and simple . plus , if you need to move it somewhere else , the back and feet can be removed . 
2 pieces . 
product dimensions : 61 x 38.5 x 39.5 inches ; 83.6 pounds 
it 's 1 4 '' mdf . i will say that our bottom fell out & my hubby had to put a new bottom in it . since we own a commercial cabinet business , it was n't a big deal . however , i know that may be a pain for many . that being said , i still do n't regret the purchase because the overall look of the bench was exactly what i wanted . we ca n't build it for so little , although it would have been better quality . : ) 
no i would n't do that . the middle pieceis screwed in and is part of the support . i do n't think it would be safe to sit on otherwise . 
yes , i brought two of those springs and the really worked . 
i was able to install replacement spring without any special tools . if i recall all i needed was some pliers . 
slide one side on to spring then use vise grips to clamp it down tight into place . the one that attach to the wooden part ot the chair remove old one use a small hammer and small nail to reattach it is not easy the spings r very tough u might use a zip tie to hold them in the right position good luck hope i was of some help . any questions please let me know 
amazon has that spring 
i would guess that they 're comparable . this one is $ 5 less expensive though . i can tell you i use my prochef multiple times a day and am very happy with the quality for the price . i 've had $ 30 scales in the past that have gone glitchy quickly with my excessive use . 
it can give you the weight of your package or envelope . 
not necessary . comes pre-calibrated . you get to pick between 4 weights : g , kg , oz , and one other that i ca n't remember ( but description lists them all ) . 
approx 20 cupcakes 
about 6 '' or 7 '' 
technically they come apart ... but , not very easy to use separately . there is a hole in the middle of the glass where the spindle goes through it . you could use just the bottom portion and screw in the handle or cover the whole with something decorative , or something tasty ... but , i believe it is mean to be used together . 
no , but you could slice it first then arrange it on the top level . 
my ups tracking listed the weight as 8 lbs . 
no , it is not revolving 
yes you can attach the top handle 
they are made of glass 
yes you can . everything comes apart 
lamps plus is the seller of this item & per their website the dimensions are : top plate measures 10 '' wide . bottom plate measures 11 7 8 '' wide . 
4 inches 
it 's one pan with 6 holes in it : - ) 
handwashing is recommended . i have never put mine in the dishwasher because the metal is aluminum which from past experience does n't fare well in the dishwasher . the nonstick silicone coating is extremely easy to wash anyway . 
that 's kind of a crazy question , because i ca n't imagine a cooking pan with a toxic coating . yes , though , this coating is non toxic , and it is a good one too . 
a standard size hamburger bun , about 4 in . 
about 2 inches high same size as a k-cup 
no 
this is just a refill filter for the reusable filters . it goes right inside those . ca n't use this without one . 
yes , worked for me ... i will say it 's rather messy compared to the kcups . 
these are only extra filter baskets that fit inside the filter holder and lid . 
yes if you have the filter housing for the reusable filter basket . they will not fit in the standard k-cup holder . 
yes they will fit , but are not good quality . also you will need a `` my k-cup '' reusable filter holder and lid to use these . these are only filter baskets that fit inside the `` my k-cup '' . 
actually steve , i stopped using these . they did not work well without creating a mess . i found a different model at bed , bath , and beyond that has a lid that i use now . no mess . 
no , they do not . the mouth openings are different sizes , making them incompatible . 
i bought it and found the bottle neck to small for my single capsule charger system . 
the bottle it is a ( thick ) plastic . 
no , they use different c02 canisters . 
by hand . do not put it in the dishwasher , it will melt . had to learn that the hard way . 
i do not know what css-100 means ? 
yes it fits over your shoulder . i am happy with the product . 
it flattens out , but ca n't be folded . it is very light and portable . 
9 in height x 13 in length ( widest at the top , 9 in at bottom ) x 3 inches width 
yes 
yes , i have cooked chicken varying from 5 to 8 pounds just adjust your time . 
yes ! ! ! ! ! a lot of twine . since there 's is only two rods the chicken will move in all kinds of direction if not properly held down 
no , it cleans up very nice and quick . 
product details show product dimensions : 17 x 15.5 x 12 inches ; 17 pounds . i have two slightly different models and this model is at vacation cabin . 
yes 
hi , it can fit a 15 lb turkey but it would also depend on the shape of the bird , it would be best to limit it to 13 lb . thank you ! 
10 '' x13 '' x3.5 '' 
yes 
yes -- i would say so -- depending upon how large the belt buckle is . 
about the size of a pair of socks or a rolled up tie 
yes it does 
very happy with the heater . can set temp very low and the 10 ' by 16 ' room in the barn will stay just above freezing . also if you turn it up it can run you out . 
cream 
yes 
i do not know and the instuctions that came with it do n't mention the cfm . it does put out a good amount of air and it kept my 24 x 24 shop nice and warm when the outside temperature was well below freezing . 
1300 sqf 
yes ! it is a great mixer 
i 've had 5 pounds of bread dough in a batch and it looked like it could handle more . 
yes 
i have the nesco fd-1040 and purchased nesco tr-2 add-a-tray and nesco sld-2-6 fruit rollup trays on amazon . they look and fit like the ones delivered with the unit . i went to the nesco web site to purchase the herb drying screens and to verify the fit of trays i bought on amazon . 
according to the nesco website , any plastics that will touch food are bpa free . that 's all i know . 
it 's about as loud as a floor box fan or portable fan . you do have to talk over it if you 're standing right there . but it makes your house smell great so it 's a tolerable nuisance ! 
theresa , i 've had the machine for a couple of months now and have dried fruits , but my favorite is to make jerky . the unfortunate thing about jerky is that the marinades i make have sugars in them and are vary dark . i was able to wash my trays ( ten of them ) by stacking them in the bottom drawer of my dishwasher and running them through a full cycle , but no heated drying . the trays came out spotless and it was running on economy mode . i hope this helps . 
just under an inch 
yes it came with instructions and temp & time recommendations based on what you 're dehydrating . at the rear of the booklet , they have a few recipes . 
you actually have to take it to a framing shop , i thought it came framed , and i ended up spending another 230.00 dollars getting it framed , they have to stretch it , hope that helps you out 
it 's about 3 1 2 feet wide plus it 's 3 paintings so you can spread it out further ( put a couple inches in between ) . 
hi i ordered mine just canvas and had together it put on the frame the middle is smaller then the sides 
no it is not cotton . it is polyester . i would send it back , but the shipping cost would be 1 2 the cost of the sheets , so i will use it for my dog 's bed . very disappointing . 
polyester . very thin . do not buy . hot and already shredding 
really have no idea . they felt great to the touch , but they were a gift . 
i do n't know but they were very cheaply made and i would not recommend them . 
hello , except where noted otherwise , the list price displayed for products on our website represents the full retail price listed on the product itself , suggested by the manufacturer or supplier , or estimated in accordance with standard industry practice . you can read more about list prices here : 
sorry we do not offer that anymore . 
aa x3 
you can only spot-clean it , not submerge . 
switch the switch to on then you have to press hard on the pillow . 
i would send it back ; sounds like the timing mechanism is wonky . 
i think so ... but honestly , i ca n't remember . i inboxed it and wrapped it with a blanket . 
yes , easily . it fits in the second-to-longest slot . the longest slot is slightly too short for a 10 '' . 
just measured the block and it will hold a 9.750 '' x 2.25 '' blade at it widest and longest slot , sorry . 
2 1 4 '' , 2 '' , 1 3 4 '' , 1 '' , 1 '' 
dimensions are 32 '' w x 25 '' h x 12 '' d , the 2 small cubbies are 11 '' h x 11.25 '' w ; the larger cubbies are 11 '' h x 18 '' w ; the shelf requires no drilling ; and , you could either stand the shelf tall or wide . 
hi lynn , the exterior dimension is d : 12 w : 32.1 h : 24.8 the interior compartments are : interior ( small sections ) depth 11.2 '' width 11.8 '' height 11.2 '' interior ( large sections ) depth 12.0 '' width 17.9 '' height 11.2 '' 
hi ellen , hi lynn , the exterior dimension is d : 12 w : 32.1 h : 24.8 the interior compartments are : interior ( small sections ) depth 11.2 '' width 11.8 '' height 11.2 '' interior ( large sections ) depth 12.0 '' width 17.9 '' height 11.2 '' jimmy way basics , founder 
no , there is no way to put them together . the directions clearly state to not stack them . i believe they would be very unstable . 
yes . i just have a foam mattress on mine . works great ! 
my son sleeps on it so i 'd say he weighs 160 lbs 
yes , it has two center support beams attached to slats in addition to the four legs . 
not sure ... very flimsy , ... ..i had my old lunch box repaired and threw this one on the shelf ... ..would n't buy again ! ! 
14 '' long by 7 '' wide by 6 '' high . it is fairly large to be considered a lunch cooler . i use it as a cooler on the golf course . fits perfectly in the basket on the back of a golf cart . keeps melting ice contained with no leaks . a great cooler , in my opinion , but not a lunch cooler . 
14x5x6 
hi , there are two shelves , but they are sturdy plastic , not glass . they are maybe 1 8 inch thick with a 1 4 inch lip on the front . they are adjustable , you can make them any height . it 's a very nice cabinet and comes well packaged . 
no , it 's not that deep , just bottles of medicine , mouthwash , first aid type stuff . 
it is reversible . 
the bottom plus 2 inserts made of hard , clear plastic . 
there is nothing showing but the mirror . the cabinet is recessed into the wall . 
yes 
there is no frame to it , just mirror . the actual size of the mirror is 27 long x 18 wide . 
it is probable 110 v only because ther is only one number on the cooker , no range . 
yes 
7 '' x 6 '' perfect size for 1 cup . great , love it 
as it only holds about 1.5 cups of rice , it takes roughly 15 minutes . i never measured this with a watch , however , it is my general observation . the beauty is that it is `` fire and forget '' ; once you put water and rice in and but go it does all the rest . 
never try it . only cook rice . 
the literature only has instructions on cooking rice . the box mentions cooking soup but nothing in the instructions . i think you 'll have to go to a multi-use cooker . 
i believe it goes to 450 
cooking oil capacity is 6 liters for each tank . 12 liters total for both tanks together . 
i believe one year . they have very good customer service . they respond very quickly . 
regular . not the flat ground 
no you have to pour the oil out 
ca n't find country of manufacture . sorry 
i bought it for funnel cakes . it probably would have worked alright but when i received it only one of the tanks worked ( heated up ) and the quality was all together very cheap . i had to return it because it was so bad . i was very disappointed . 
yes . when you submit pet information request no dates . when received i 'll send you a memorial proof to review 
metal 
no . there are no holes on the ladder side for the slide . 
no . it is a full twin bed . i often end up sleeping in it with my 6 year old when he has bad dreams . 
you could place a twin size matters under it but it would have to be for a very small kids as the area under is short . 
we put an 8 inch mattress on it for our daughter and it was level with the metal railing . she could have easily rolled out of bed and gotten hurt . so we opted for a thinner mattress so she wouldnt get seriously injured . 
you can take it off . there will just be a gap were the slide was supposed to be tho . 
nope . those are extras you can buy separately . 
my son loves it up the ladder and down the slide till he sleeps . cool little nook under the bed to play in to 
it 's a little over 2 feet . perfect little area for personal space for a little one . 
calli ~ i tried to mount it on the inside of the cabinet door but was unable to because of where the door frame and cabinet frame intersected - your cabinet door frame might be different . i also tried to 'center ' the bar on the inside of the cabinet door and affix with gorilla glue but that did n't work because of the 'recess ' in the base where one would screw it in . i hang kitchen and bath towels on them - so i 've got them in the kitchen and all our bathrooms . good luck ! 
the space between the bar back and wall is 2-5 8 '' . the depth from the front ( outside ) the bar and the wall is 3 '' . 
it does not unscrew , jsut fits over the end of the rod . karen 
i would assume so . it just screws into a wall or any wood surface 
oops sorry , toilet paper yes . 
yes 
there is no reason . i have mine mounted under a cabinet . the only issue that i 've noticed is that extra large rolls of paper towels are a tight fit . 
in theory you could mount it anywhere with the right hardware . it only comes with two screws , and there 's two holes in the flat round base . i would think a handy person could mount it under a cabinet after a trip to home depot for the right hardware . 
no 
sorry no . thank you . 
no 
7in long , 4in wide . plenty of space for a typical stick of butter 
`` made in china '' 
china 
it 's aluminium , not chef grade . 
2x2 not including the spikes 
i have n't put it on a scale but it is not heavy . it may be 1 pound ? 
yes . i was n't sure myself but tried it on my top rack and had no problem . it appears to have a clear coating of some sort . 
does n't say 
top and 1 side is flat . love this item , have never had one . i find myself using it often . works great , does n't feel too top heavy . hope that answers some of your question . 
only do n't put the gel section in the microwave , the lid and the container are safe , just leave the lid a little lose and you will not have any problems . 
yes ! it recommends top rack dishwashing . 
yes . it is a plastic freezer piece that goes on top of the bottom section . it actually holds the dressing bottle and space for other food times . 
main container : 53 fl oz ( 1.57 l ) , gel tray : 12 fl oz ( 354 ml ) , dressing container : 2 fl oz ( 60ml ) 
bpa free ? yes it is . 
yes it describes it in the list of features . it is an awesome product . we use it daily and it keeps the salad cold . 
no problem . the main container has a 53 oz capacity for holding your lettuce while the non-toxic gel-filled tray will hold 12 oz . included is a 2fl oz dressing bottle cool gear salad container dimension : 6.8 '' l x 6.8 '' w x 3 '' h 
the only thing that 's not microwavable is the freezer tray i put it in the microwave all the time it 's fine to do 
i 'd like to know as well - it is unclear whether the dimensions given are when the container is expanded or compacted ... any owners that can help ? 
i do n't have measurements but i do have a high bed and it works perfectly . sorry i do n't have more to offer . 
good morning , audrey . yes , we do have twin sizes . unfortunately , we only have the natural and sage color available through amazon . i hope you find this information helpful . adreanna , plow & hearth customer service 
good evening antonio , the measurements for the king bedspread is 118 '' w x 118 '' l. i hope you find this information helpful . ~melissa s. - plow & hearth customer service 
it fits my standard king size pillow top mattress comfortably on all sides . 
the weight is 6.10 lbs . 
i 've had mine for about 10 months . i think it makes great cups of regular coffee for a pod machine . it makes 8 oz . but you can easily get a few more ozs . out of each pod . in my opinion the darker coffees ( verona , anniversary blend ) taste the best . if your goal is to save money then i would n't buy this machine . it 's really more about convenience and imo a better cup than the k . 
no you can not . if you are not into lattes or espresso go for keurig . 
yes i do all the time.one time through gets a lot but there is some left and i just hit the button again . three times for the expresso pods 
yes assembly required : - ) 
would n't know . they told me after i haf already bought the sofa that they did n't really have any in stock . but i went to turner 's furniture and found a ashley sectional that was pretty much the same sofa and it was only $ 700 . the dimensions were the same as this sofa though . so if this sofa is as big as they say it is yes its a big sectional . over 9ft long . hope that helps 
the pieces are separate and sit side by side . 
13 x 3.5 x 16.8 inches ; 8.9 pounds and it plugs into a regular 110 volt outlet . 
mine is installed in my bathroom right out side the shower and was recommended to me specifically for the bathroom . i am very happy with the performance of my unit in our fairly large airy bathroom . i do n't recall any warnings about moisture from shower bath , but i do have a 340 cfm exhaust fan so moisture really is n't an issue in my bath . my wife loves it and frankly that 's what matters , ya know..happy wife , happy life ! . 
no , it would have to be turned back on . 
you ca n't program it to turn on and off whenever you want but there is a thermostat so you can set it to a temperature that you want and it will keep the room at that temp , approximately 
depends on how near and exactly where i would say . the heat that comes out is n't like a heat gun but it is warm hot . i would n't want to put it so it blows onto the tv but within a foot or so i would think is okay but you should follow the manufacturers guidlelines they do have recommendations as to distance from combustibles like drapes , electrical cords etc which is 3 feet . here 's a link to the user manual : http : www.sylvane.com media documents products heat-storm-deluxe-wall-heater-owners-manual.pdf 
yes that was the main reason i bought it for my kids rooms they hang right on the wall so you do n't have to worry about unit tipping and it can be unattended 
no it does not tilt . 
this is converted to 110 colts us and has a us power plug 
yes i think so , its for 1 year 
yes there is a kneading attachment that is included ... we use it for that purpose also and it comes out well 
if you put enough water , it does n't heat up for 2 hours .. 
ultra dura+ is not made to grind meat . we do not know anyone who has used it for meat . 
it depends on the amount of rice and water added . but its pretty good speed . 
two to 3 times , you will get that smell . its not an issue and it is due to new coils inside grinder . 
13.74 '' height 7.5 '' width 7.5 lenght that is what the box has on it . 
just gently pull on them and they come out easily . we have really enjoyed ours . would highly recommend it . 
mind reader , but it is perfect for the k-cups . it has good quality materials , and occupies very little space on my kitchen counter . 
7 1 4 inches 
i would hesitate to say that it is sealed storage as it is not . however , each cup fits snugly into the space provided which would prevent it from being exposed to air . the cups are snug enough to hold them in place if the carousel is tipped yet removes easily for use . i hope this answers your question . 
14.5 inches from counter to top of handle 
have n't tried them . 
i did not and it is of superb quality given the price . i have had experiences with products for which were not as described and amazon immediately credited me without requesting product being returned . amazon customer service is stellar . 
this is just a bed frame and does not include a mattress . the slats would be suitable for supporting a memory foam mattress , but the bed would sit pretty low , so expect to use lifters if you want the bed to sit higher . 
it was super easy , only two different types of bolts and the middle slats have a sweet plastic clip design that makes disassembly easy as well . i used a drill to speed up the process and had it together in about 1 beer , so not too bad : ) but seriously , if you have ever assembled a coffee table or shelf you are qualified to build this frame . hope this was helpfull lol 
it only appears black in the photo . it is actually an extremely dark brown , more or less like coffee . 
2 large boxes 
no we do n't have , but the 14 '' is firmer mattress than the 15 '' . 
yes 
yup , it 's just a mattress . i have the king size 15.5 '' . i did get low pro box sping because it was just too high on my sleigh bed frame . 
from my information the foam used in the mattresses is made in china . there was no particular information on where the mattresses were made except on several web sites a mention of made in the usa . i purchased several of the dynasty mattresses several months ago and all were excellent , extremely well made and exceptionally comfortable . 
no it does not . just the frame and it 's great ! ! 
i purchased queen sheets and they fit just fine . 
yes..110v 
the lid does not latch shut so i would not transport soup in the kettle 
it is electric and it keeps soup hot . 
the weight is from the soup . it is light weight when it is empty . it is sturdy and quality material . it looks like cast iron but it is aluminum . 
110-120 v 
no it does not . instead the mixer head is higher and the bowl moves up and down beneath the head to allow you to add the ingredients . 
i think two years . 
i used an online conversion chart and since the mixer is 1.3 horsepower the wattage would be 969.4098336 watts . hope this helps . 
i checked the kitchen aid website and it says there 's a `` 5 year replacement limited warranty '' on the mixer . i 'm not certain what the 'limited ' actually covers . so , i would contact them yourself . the number is 1.800.832.7173. make a list of all your questions before-hand . hope this helps . 
no . the only draw back about the 7qt . is only 7qt . parts fit it and vice versa . but it is a beast and is very smooth and quiet . 
7 qt . mixer runs on 110v 60 hz house current - so - it does not use 220v . 
three adult ... . cats ? sure , no problem . three adult humans ? maybe if all three are anorexic , but even then , it 'd be a tight fit . it 's 6 feet long by 3.25 feet wide . average shoulder width of a male is 1.5 feet . this was designed for one person . two people can sleep on it at once , if needed , but three will be a game of twister . 
the mattress is shipped rolled and vacuum sealed . once you cut through the vacuum , it will unroll and over 20-30 minutes expand to its specified dimensions . 
i think anyone less than 5.8 feet tall and less than 170 pounds . its better on carpet and great for short sleepovers or lounging in front of the tv . 
38 '' x 75 '' 
no 
i honestly do n't know what the fabric is offhand , but i can tell you that they are very , very thin . because of that , they might be a good option for someone who is too warm when they sleep , but one of the previous people answered that they are 60 % polyester and 40 % cotton ... . 
my grandson loves them . it says they are 100 % cotton but feel a bit stiff to me but not much . cotton , to me , is pliable . these sheets are not as soft as i expected but certainly are acceptable . 
the design just says `` ninjas in training . '' it has nothing to do with toilet training . 
yes , the towels are all cotton . 
perhaps 10 pounds , if attached securely . 
product dimensions width : 1 `` depth : 3 `` height : 3 `` package quantity : 3 pack 
5 8 '' when closed ... 3 '' when open 
it 's 36.4 length 15.8 height and 13.9 width 
yes , these are exactly alike . i have both and can not see any difference . 
i forget the exact price but yes , four totes . 
four holes in a square pattern ... 8 inches on center . 
i am not sure what the actual limit is , but i am 210 lbs + the weight of the lazyboy chair that i have mounted on top of mine and my swivel is working very well . 
there is no additional hardware , it comes in one solid piece . of course , you will need the screws or clamps to attach it to the chair . 
about 2 - 3 inches . 
i bought a piece of 3 4 in plywood and diilled holed to fit both swivel and chair , attached the ply to the swivel and then attached the chair to the ply , on top . be carful to center the chair on the ply and the ply on the swivel . works great . 
i was able to adapt this to a lazy boy recliner and am very happy with the result . i did have to add some structure to fit to the legs and to the switvel and was careful to place for center of gravity . i did this for my son and he is happy with the result . 
the total height is 1 3 4 . '' thanks , angela h. farley director of customer service 
no , it goes about 2 3 of the way up the bowl . it can limit how full you can fill the bowl but if it went all the way to the top the attachments would n't fit inside . it 's actually the same bowl as the similar size cuisinart food processor . the main difference is that the motor is stronger and the motor shaft ( where the attachments attach ) is metal and not plastic . 
yes , you could shred a lot of cabbage with this machine . 
no 
not recommended . a mixer is best for cookie dough , bread dough , etc . 
does this set come in queen 90 '' x90 '' ? 
yes it does . 
my king size hangs almost to the floor on a queen size bed . 
china -- where else ! i had a hard time finding bedspreads . 
i 'm not sure but this is very sturdy . mine is mainly used as a foot rest . i weigh 140 & i can sit on it without being worried about it holding me . i have been very satisfied with it . 
yes , 90 degrees . very nice piece . 
well my sister sat on it she is very large so i would say no more than 275 pounds 
yes 
almost the same as outside . 
18x24 
it was a gift and shipped direct and was for a small living room . i believe it was 20 x 24 x 18 inches high and has a nice storage compartment . 
it 's like a dark smoke grey faded into brass in the middle of the nail heads . hope that helps . 
yes , this will work on induction cooktops . 
yes , we do regularly and see no adverse effect . 
yes i have noticed this also . i used barkeepers helper to sine it back to like new . 
cuisnart says to hang them so they do n't get scratched . i do n't have any way to do that , so i just put a couple of paper towels in the bottom before i stack them . it seems to work . 
they are much heavier than your normal stainless . i had farberware pots and there is a big difference but the cooking and clean up is much better . 
yes , a magnet will stick to it and it is induction compatible . 
i do not have an induction stove , hence can not advise you on this matter . cuisinart product information shows it can be used on induction stove top . please check their web page . 
not like a standard thermos would . i 'd say you have maybe 15 min until things cool down . it only takes probably 8 oz of coffee so it is n't very big either . 
it is about 5 3 4 '' x 4 '' 
no 
yes , it fits nicely in my car cup holder ( ps . see my review on the product ... i would n't buy this again ) 
it 's hand wash only . also not microwave safe 
i 've had them about a month and we use them daily ... have n't had any chips yet and it does n't seem like they will , they are pretty heavy duty and much nicer than i even thought they would be . 
yes 
made in china 
yes is good safe 
yes , i love them ! 
thanks , the design is raised . 
this set is dishwasher and microwave safe . 
sage 
yes , it is . 
cream and it is one of the best sets i have ever purchased ... . and i am a very picky person when it comes to bedding sets.. hope you like it denise 
the manufacturer 's specs for this thermometer is -49f to 392f . 
the probe is stainless material . the readout and control box is plastic . mine has been very durable . 
yes it is . it does work very well . my initial problem was with my stupidity ; i did not remove the plastic demo covering off the screen ; ergo i though it was not working . but i finally let my college degrees enlighten me that the temp . has not changed since it was first unpacked . 
no , it is mostly plastic . it also ca n't go through the dishwasher . 
yes - c and f 
yes 
yes the venta is a humidifier and air purifier.i live in a desert area with little humidity so it is great my air smells clean too 
yes , it is . i keep a plastic bucket to tote the water and just lift the lid on the venta and pour it in to the water level marked inside each day . every two weeks i take off the top and dump out the used water , put the reservoir ( the bottom ) in my bath tub and clean it out -- then refill it with fresh water and add the venta water treatment additive . since i live in the desert of western colorado and i use a swamp cooler rather than an air conditioner , i will soon be cleaning the venta with the venta cleaner and storing it until fall . i used to have the large venta , but am in a smaller apartment now and the small one is easy to handle for me . 
110 v only 
yes 
we only offer this in 110 , sorry . 
yes , but it can be a little hard to find ; you have to snoop around cuisinart 's website to find the dimensions . personally , i found the pans a little smaller than you might expect from the picture , though they are all true to the dimensions listed online . that was good for me , as i only ever cook for two and used to find my pots pans being too large for the portion sizes i wanted to cook . if you frequently cook for large numbers of people ( ie , meals for 10+ people ) it might be difficult to prepare everything in these . pot pan dimensions from cuisinart.com : mcu192-16 1 qt . saucepan with cover mcu193-20 3 qt . saucepan with cover mcu33-24h 3 qt . saut with helper handle and cover mcu66-24 8 qt . stockpot with cover mcu22-24 10 '' open skillet mcu22-20 8 '' open skillet mcu116-20 20 cm steamer insert with cover ( fits 3 qt . saucepan ) 
that is solely the reason i purchased this set ; induction . that and the unparalleled cost effective price in its class . 
no . definitely not . in fact , they are kind of like the opposite of non-stick pans . you have to be pretty careful when cooking foods that have a high risk of sticking to things in these pans . if you burn stuff on , it can be a chore to get all the burnt residue off . that being said , i think they 're great pans . they heat very quickly and get very , very hot . in my experience they heat much faster , and get much hotter than any non-stick pan that i have seen ( and i 've seen a lot ) . they 'll give you great control over what you 're cooking ( much better control than a non-stick pan ) , and you can cook some more creative things in them , but they are certainly not the pans to be looking for if you just want to make some quick scrambled eggs and have no chance of any egg sticking to the pan and being hard to clean . ( all that said , there is one big advantage to cleaning these over cleaning a non-stick pan : you can stick it in the water immediately after using ! even if it 's still hot . doing that to a non-stick pan will destroy it . with these , it 's no problem . in fact , being sure to do this is the best way to make sure that you do n't end up with any hard-to-remove stains residue ) 
yes 
i would say , the same . its all relatively the same . 
no . also they suck . the `` copper '' is some kind of fancy sticker that will peal over time . and the handles are to thin for how heavy the pans are . no control . 
they are stainless steel and copper lined on the outside . 
i have not used them in the oven . anyhow , like i said , it 's not a good quality product . i wish i could return them but i threw away the box . 
yes they do ! 
i 'm extremely happy with this oven , however , in the instructions it states it should not be built in as it needs to be freestanding with air around it . it is amazing unit but do n't install inside cupboard would be my advice . 
yes , we have ours on a 15 amp breaker without a problem . just do n't share it with a toaster or other appliance . 
yes , the fan is pretty loud . i do n't mind it because i have the oven on a stand in my basement and use it as a supplemental oven . 
yes , the barrel is re-useable . i am on my 3rd batch right now . the first was scotch and came out ok. the second batch , in the same barrel , was tequila and it came out great . third batch is also tequila . 
yes . but you would have to contact me before you order . i need to see if what you want can be done . in georgia-404.8227512 
thanks for your interest . barrels are hand made so sizes may vary slightly . usually around 6.5 '' long , 5 , 5.5 '' wide at the belly and the head is about 6 '' across . again these are approximations . the stsnd adds about 1* when the barrel is on it . thanks for your inquiry and you may want to check out the `` special '' 2 liter barrel with crown royal logo i just listed . papa rudu 
i not 100 % positive , but i think not . when i rinsed mine out , what little debris came out seemed not to be black , but the same color as the outside . 
yes it dose dispense through the spigot on the front . 
i meant no char at all . barrel adds no flavor . 
mine sure did n't ! 
i never noticed that problem . of course i was using it in alaska . i found it quite comfortable . 
mine is kind of a cream ish 
the queen size topper is approximately 58 '' x 78 '' and the king is 74 '' x 78 '' . this is slightly smaller than standard sizing to allow for variations in actual mattress sizing and to ensure your sheets will fit over the topper and your mattress . 
it is very dense . my mother has a top-of-the-line tempurpedic bed and this mattress topper feels about as dense . it 's on the bed in our guest room and the two people who have slept on it really liked it . if you need a firm sleeping surface , i would definitely recommend it . 
this listing is for the dining table only . 
just the table ! ! ! ! 
the table dimensions are : 55 '' l x 34 '' w x 30 '' h the team at access furniture 
dear jennifer : this is a table only . the chairs are sold separately under # d803dc . 
v shaped silver legs - polished 
this product is the table only . we do offer the coordinating chairs separately or in a set with the table . thank you for your inquiry . beyond stores . 888-349-6096 
it 's very light , seems like particle board . 
i do n't know . this was the worst purchase i have made in my life . pretty difficult to build ... 
what is the length ? 
we are going to get some more in about 2 weeks . 
the top seat height is about 32 inches . the lowest seat height is about 22 inches . it 's a very comfortable and sturdy work stool . well built . 
yes it is like an office chair pull a lever and it will go up or down . the back rest has some adjustment in or out and up and down . 
a lot . it is strong . 
my husband uses the chair all the time and he says the back is removable . 
sorry , but we do not sell them separately . 
yes . just be careful not to rip them 
thinner items definitely got wrinkled , but my sweaters and light blankets were fine . 
yes ... .and quickly . as soon as you release the bag so air can get in , the pillows start fluffing up . my daughter actually had one of those body pillows in a bag and it went back to full size quickly . 
they are reusable . some of them do n't hold a seal and air does get in . i use them mostly for extra blankets and seasonal clothes so even with air in it , it saved me the room . i do like these a lot and they are fairly easy to use.some of the sizes in this pack are pretty useless to me , however for the price by not using them i do n't feel like i 'm out anything . 
i used the dirt devil simpli -stik vaccum which has a crevice corner attachment . it 's not expensive . amazon sells it for $ 19 . 
yes no problem 
yes , we used a a shop vac , an theses bags are awesome , they are worth every penny , enjoy and it holds more than it says too , 
not at all , they come right out . great product . 
plastic . 
3 inches . 
yes you can make thin patties also , you control how many ounces of meat you put in the mold 
no recipe book . just a sheet on how to use . you can use whatever you want . i 've used mine a few times and used pickles , jalapeo slices , caramelized onions , mushrooms , cheese and salsa . anything you want to stuff it with is ok . 
you can control the thickness but i consider sliders to be smaller than what the cuisinart does . 
i have not seen a video , but the directions are clear enough to use the burger press . there are no complicated parts to mess with just twisting and pressing . 
this is made of plastic not metal . 
reference : cuisinart csbp-100 3-in-1 stuffed burger press by cuisinart sizes - my son-in-law and son have the units , however if i remember correctly the larger burger comes out about 3 1 2 '' to 4 '' and the sliders are about 2 1 2 to 3 '' . -perfect sizes for us- we quickly learned that the meat makes all the difference in the cooked size . i would suggest that you purchase small packages of different grades of meat from your store or from more than one store and the next hamburger fest make several of the same size burgers with the same seasoning and test them for cooked size , texture , and taste . 
unless the manufacturer has changed the glass in the last year or 2 , the answer is no . mine are clearly stamped on the bottoms , `` not for use in oven '' . 
yes , they do . 
yes they are airtight and spill proof 
7x5 2 1 4 deep -- 4x4 2 deep -- 5 1 2 x 5 1 2 2 1 2 deep -- - 6 x 8 3 deep -- - 6 round 2 1 2 deep 
yes they are . 
only the containers are made of glass . lids are made from plastic # 5 . 
i ca n't say i recall seeing this specifically mentioned on the box ( both sets i rec 'd were in original packaging , unlike some other reviewers ' ) , but i 've frozen in mine without issues . btw i would definitely avoid dishwasher for plastic lids - the high heat , even in top rack , can eventually distort the shape & fit . 
i do n't think making fries from scratch would turn out too well in this product . it 's possible , if you spray oil or butter spray on the potatoes . i cook store bought frozen fries without oil in it , and it tastes good , but not as good if they were really fried . my big boss works great . it does n't make food taste as good as fried , but it 's still worth it , in my opinion . 
yes it does . i bought this a few months ago , and i love it ! ! the ring makes it a lot larger , you can cook a turkey in it ! 
it definitely comes with some recipes and general cooking time suggestions . we 've tried a few and they are usually right on the money or close . for example , i increase the amount of time i cook bacon because i like it really crispy . 
no . however , if any circuit has multiple devices which collectively cause it to pull more amps than it is rated for , it could trip the breaker ( or blow the fuse ) . 
yes 
not sure , but i would never consider cooking a turkey in it . a turkey breast would fit , but the machine is a big waste of money . 
awesome ! ! 
1. be sure that it is plugged in . 2. the timer and temperature controls must be set . 3. the handle for the top must be down - all of the way down . if running , when you lift the handle , the unit shuts off , put it all of the way down , and it starts up again . 
nope , came out soggy . 
i bought one a few months back and the cutting surface is about 3 8 '' thick . 
yes 
yes indeed . they are quite comfortable in the dishwasher . says so on the label . 
augusto . if you are not going to use these chairs very often , then they are good for the price . but one of my chairs just broke and the others squeak and sound like they will be breaking anytime . do n't buy these if they are for normal use 
padded wood 
they are black , or a very very dark espresso . 
i bought these chairs in october last year , so far they are holding up pretty well . actually , i bought another set for another decoration project . 
i bought these chairs in red not in white . 
it 's 13.75 '' diameter at the top with about 1 '' flanges to hold the handle . the bottom has an 11.5 '' diameter 
no 
yes it does . i bought a lifter too and a lid rest . 
it 's manufactured by metal fusion inc. which is out of jefferson , la . 
not much , maybe 1 or 2 cups . i bought it thinking i could store grains , and stuff in it , but it barely holds a small box of baking soda . 
no they do n't snap , but sit well enough to seal 
i do n't know - it should say if you click on the description on amazon . 
no idea i use it to hold my tea bags . too small for much else . 
hi kathy , i do n't think so , but i 'm not sure . i use them as storage for spices ( sugar , salt , corn starch , etc ) , so i 've never tried putting them into the microwave or dishwasher before . 
i would n't risk it . the heat comes off at top , so it would be blowing straight at the tv . heat and electronics do n't mix well . not to mention how it would look . the fireplace extends from the wall a great deal more than any modern flat screen . you ca n't really see it on the pictures , but it does n't sit tightly against the wall . there is like a 6 inch space between the metallic bezel and the wall . other than that , i can say that the fireplace is awesome . 
top of unit 
yes , it can be installed on a bathroom wall . however , i do not recommend it because of the high moisture could damage the unit . 
the outlet is in the back of the unit on the right side when facing front glass . 
yes 
well , yes , of course . it 's an electric fireplace . 
the information shown here says it does . also , look closely at the picture and you will see the remote . 
i think so . my oster blender is only about 10 years old but the part fit perfectly . i googled the oster model number of mine to figure out what parts would fit . that 's how i came upon amazon . they were only place i could get part . 
yes , this is pretty much the standard base for the container . i dud not see a model 6838 , but it does fit the 6837 and 6843 
my understanding is that it will , but i have never tried it 
yes i think it will fit . if not you can look here for replacement pieces . http : www.ereplacementparts.com oster-bccg08c-speed-blender-parts-c-116577_116579_116747.html 
china 
this machine makes great non dairy yogurt . there are many recipes , but i make mine with organic unsweetened coconut yogurt , raw local honey , probiotics , and organic unflavored gelatin . i cook for 15 hours . this turns out a thick yogurt that i then add crushed fruit to when serving . adding fruit prior works well also , i just prefer it afterwards . 
yes , but i ca n't say i like the flavor . soy makes better yogurt . 
the jars are about 2 1 2 inches in diameter and 3 inches tall . they hold 6 ounces . 
the blue light stays on but the blinking hr should stop once the time had been set . if the hr is blinking , it means you have n't started the machine yet . select your time , then hit the start button . 
no it does n't but for my first batch i used plain yogurt in milk i heated to almost a boil on stove . recipes are all over the internet . you may have to adjust the recipes for the number and size of containers . ( next time i 'll do 1 1 2 recipe . turned out perfect at 8 hrs . ( i do n't like really tart yogurt unless i 'm using it for sour cram substitute . 
yes the timer counts down in hours , but not minutes until below one hour 
yes 
i did n't measure it but i 'm 5'6 '' and wore it at my natural waist , it came down to my ankle top of foot . 
it has an elastic waist , i would say it fits a 32 to 36 inch waist , maybe even to a 38. my waist is a 34 , and it fits me well without being tight at all . ( and mine does not have the nasty smell mentioned by some reviewers . ) hope this helps you ! 
yes it is removeable 
inside is 2 1 2 inches deep . overall it is 3 1 2 inches tall and measures 4 inces across . i like the size for even grinding dried jalepenos . 
no . 
i have both kinds of mortars and pestles , one out of metal and one made of stone . in the stone one i ground up some caraway seeds . it was quite a job . the roughness of the inside helped , but there was still a lot of elbow grease expended . the metal one is too smooth to give you any kind of help . my husband uses the metal one to crush pills . it works very well for this job . the answer to your question is that the metal one would grind grains and nuts , but not well and only with a tremendous amount of work . 
there are no labels . what you see is what you get . advantages are stainless steel and ca n't break like my last one , no penetration or abrasion will scrape any off like the powder from the ceramics , low price and great looks . we have stainless kitchen appliances and it really looks cool with them . fantastic product compared to others offered . 
oh dear , china baby 
28 and 3 4 inches . 
39.5 '' w , 24 '' d x 29.5 '' h 
no 
no . 
yes easily 
yes , except for i do n't think it is real leather 
i will try to find out and get back to you . 
the dresden side chairs match the table beautifully . 
two and a half inches square . it was plenty big enough for my post and castor . 
if you are asking about the dimensions of the recessed openings at the top , the answer is no . the openings are 2 3 4 '' x 2 3 4 '' square . 
yes they are . i stacked two 
it 's hard to say . from the picture it looks like it may not because the feet look too wide . 
if i am understanding correctly i think it would be too risky . most box springs are wood frames covered in fabric . if you are thinking of boosting up on these instead of a bed frame , every time you move your bed it would slip off to the side . you really need the leg of the beg to insert into the hole . 
not a problem . i have used them for about 6 months and it supports my family , a cumulative 500lbs or so , frequently with no problems . 
yes , absolutely . we bought a set of 4 and used them on a rocker recliner chair at a condo in florida this past month . they are high ( 5-6 inches ) and they worked very well for me ( i have back problems and i 'm 6 feet 4 inches tall ) . they were actually a little too high for some of our guests so we bought another set 3-4 inches high for the second recliner . would highly recommend them as being durable and stable . 
yes that 's exactly what we purchased them for . they work great in her room and now she has a ton of space to store things under the bed like cases of bottled water , extra suitcases , and small storage bins . 
the stone came wraped in a plastic package inside of a box . very happy with stone . use it a lot and no problems as of this date . 
i let the stone heat up in the oven and slide the pizza , calzone or whatever onto it . the quality and tastiness of almost any kind of dough or pastry filo crust is greatly improved when baked on this hot stone . this is the same technique you can see at many restaurants that have stone ovens for baking pizza etc . the stone surface is always heated first before adding the food . 
a half inch in thickness . the packaging of the item for shipment was the deal breaker for me . the stone arrived broken and was returned . 
yes this unit has a warranty and i purchased an extended 2 year warranty 
it does not come with any cover . the glass lid that you see in the pictures is the only cover it has , and that stays on during cooking . 
while the rollers are still on and hot , i use a wet ( with water ) microfiber cloth . gently rub back and forth on each roller as they are turning . some products leave the rollers with a little crust . when this happens i add a dampened , none soapy ( the green pads ) scouring pad to the mix . again with gentle pressure and just enough to break down the crust and then finish with the microfiber cloth . so far the rollers still look brand new . hope this helps . 
mine came without the sneeze guard as well and i got no pesponse from the seller . 
sounds like a short . a loose power wire 
i 've had it happen a couple of times and just shut it off and restart it and it always works . i also lubricate them three times a week like they recommend . 
there is no dust cover . i usually cover it back up with the plastic packaging and then back in the shipping box . 
23 '' wide x 16 '' deep x 8 '' tall . the glass adds 9 '' to the overall height . 
the k cups do not work . however , you can open them up and empty the k cup into the solofill v1 gold filter as you would do any regular coffee you use with the filter . i did that with a couple of k cup flavors i wanted to try . hope that helps . 
there is an adapter so you may use k-cups but i was not pleased with the results.there were grounds in the coffee after a few uses . i have gone back to the pods which are not as available as the k-cups.i feel the pods work better . 
greetings , on amazon they are $ 22.99 and free shipping via prime membership . thank you , dollarbill 's 
make sure you have the setting set to `` strong '' . also , i 've noticed it depends on what type coffee you are buying . we 've had the best results from the `` medium '' to `` strong '' blends of coffee . 
yes . they are $ 8 from their website the last time i checked . if you bought one and had to return the head only i highly recommend you clean your lines . it is not the brew head that causes the problems , it is the bad water lines . 
the design of the water tank is poor ! the front of the tank is much lower then the back and if you are not careful filling to the fill level indicator , it is easy to overflow in the front of the tank . so far , this is the only leakage problem i have had to date . jeg 
the keurig vue v500 brewer i have has the following brewing sizes : 4,6,8,10,12,14 , & 16 oz settings . remember you have to use the vue cups for this unit . i use the 12 cup setting twice for two servings of coffee . one in the morning and the second at dinner . i also use decaf coffee drinks other than coffee use only the 6 & 8 oz settings . 
yes 
i love mine , i do n't have any trouble drinking from it , it even works in my keurig single cup coffee maker . 
i ran it through the dishwasher once and it is fine . hubby took it to work and have n't seen cup since then . 
porcelain 
i have n't washed it in the dishwasher , but i 'm pretty sure it is dishwasher safe . it 's an easy to clean cup so i always handwash it . as for the microwave , no i would n't put it in the microwave . i re-heated coffee in this cup in the microwave , and the cup was extremely hot . hot enough to burn and sting my fingers . dishwasher = probably okay . microwave = no . 
it 's like a regular coffe cup ! it 's the neatest one by far ! my husband loves it ! 
good question ! ! had to try it ! ! 20 seconds in a comercial microwave and i did n't see any sparks ! ! it was pretty hot though . 
buy the mug , then take it to a local print shop that has the ability do custom press-on printing for mugs . 
yes , the height is roughly 10 inches , width is roughly 8 inches and the thickness is about 3 inches with a handle attachment 
yes . it 's fully insulated . 
sure . just email us right after your purchase . go to your order history page , click contact seller , to let us know that you want it mirrored . we will produce as noted . thanks . 
hi to diy girl , the filter will fit any zero water product . thank you for writing ! 
it depends on the water you are starting with and how much water you go through . for example , my best friend and i both have one , but although we only live 20 minutes away from each other , our water tests totally differently on the dissolved solid test meter included . my tap water consistently measures about 385 tds , and hers tests about 480 ( older part of town , older pipes , not sure , but consistent ) . my husband and i are both home all day , she and her husband work . i use it for filling our keurig coffee maker in addition to normal drinking water . she and her husband work , do n't drink coffee , etc . i change mine about once every 4-6 weeks , but find i change it more in summer when i am hotter , thirstier and drinking more liquids in general . she changes hers about once every 2-3 months . so there are a lot of variables . but , i can tell you that my trash recycling is down significantly that i am not buying all the little bottles and the taste is incredible . far superior to brita or any other filtered or bottled water you can buy . fiji water tests about 120 by the way , and i only drink fiji now as a last resort , i.e. , ca n't get to my own . so for me , even if i had to change the filters more often , i would still stick with the system . 
get a zero pitcher to fit the replacements and you are set ! the filter is large and i believe it will only fit a zero pitcher . this is a terrific product . 
i believe mine lasts about 2-3 months . i fill about a pitcher a day or so . i do notice some of the black bits ( charcoal ? ) floating on top of the filter before it goes through but that 's all . my unfiltered water is in the 280 range . 
we called the company with the same question , but got no answer . i do know the new filters take longer to filter the water bc they accumulate air pockets . we were told to tap the sides to dislodge the air bubble , but found it easier to disspell the air by punching small holes in the top screen and then tapping the sides , they still make the best filters for excellent keurig coffee makers . i 'm guessing when i say the reason is probably to use less plactic . i wish they would start a recycling program . like a dollar off your next order for each filter returned , along with free shipping to return them . i also wish there was a way to recycle the coffre cups . from what i 've read , they 've become a landfill blight . 
there were 12 . 
i 'm not positive , but i think there were 24. and you could choose one side or the other . they are just wraps , you have o bke your cupcakes in regular wrappers first . but they are cute . i bought some sugar mustaches for a baby shower , those were a big hit , but they are a little pricey . 
i am sorry i ca n't remember the exact amount right now , it was either 24 or 48. i am leading towards 48. they are reversabel which was nice . you still have to use baking cups since these are just decorative wraps . i bought some sugar mustaches i found on amazon that were a huge hit . money are just a little expensive but totally worth it in my oppinion . 
each piece 
each piece is 12x16 and there 3 pieces , and they look very nice 
i 'm glad i bought . its great to look at and gives a wonderful spooky vibe . however , its small . if i had known the size , i would 've went with something bigger . nevertheless , apart from size , its worth the buy . 
12 x 16 ea piece 
no 
not sure why there are negative reviews . i think it 's beautiful and great for the price . 
could be bigger but otherwise ok . 
no , i gave it away ... ..not easy to ensemble 
not sure what you mean by customizable . ? you can probably heat stamp or paint it . basically it is a min-aging barrel for spirits 
nope . just keep the barrel moist on the outside ( wipe down with wet cloth every few weeks ) . that will keep the wood from shrinking and keep those leaks away . 
yes , a medium char . 
yes they can ! 
yes 
yes 
no it does n't . the magic bullet is a smaller version of the nutribullet . 
nutribullet customer service at 1-855-346-8874 has verified that the extractor blade and cup for the nutribullet 600 is interchangeable with with nutribullet bl450 900 watt pro . 
no 
hello , yes the gasket is included with each blade unit . 
all the blades that i received have a good sized white warning sticker on the outside . 
tall cup holds 20 ounces at the max line and the short cup holds 10 ounces at the max line . 
i 'm not sure . i only have the nutribullet . 
no . it only turns upward as far as the handle and as low as the bottom frame as shown in the pictures . 
about 6 feet long 
the marking on the fan reads : motor : tp 120v 1.1a that would make it 132w at full power . there is no mention of consumption at lower power levels . 
no . 110 only 
yes it locks in different positions is what they mean . it is not an oscillating fan . 
it holds 54 6 rows with 9 k cups each . excellent product and well built , had mine for several months now with absolutely no issues . 
it draws 750w at low setting and 1500w at high . it produces 5000+ btus . it is sufficient to heat a room 8 x 12 with a very high ceiling due to the airflow pattern . just do n't knock it over . 
this vornado tower space heater has a fan that can be used to move the warm air away from the heater ( out through the room ) . it is not more powerful than any other space heater , but the fan may help you feel warmer when you are not directly in front of the heater . 
no 
no . 
yes 
22 inches tall 
plastic . 
i 'm not sure but i do n't think i would put them in there . 
they do not come with lids just the mugs 
we keep ours in the freezer all the time , upside down . no problems . 
hi larry , when i ordered this product i was able to make the bath bombs by cutting out two of the sides and pressing together . it was by far the best product i have found so far to make them -- hope this helps ! 
you will need 2. only 1 comes per pack . at least mine came that way . 
legs , back and seat separte . very simple to assemble . took less than 30 min . 
it 's the width . the depth is about 2inches more . 
they are n't too light in color that any little mark will drive you crazy but i did spill some wine on one and a steamer took it right out . 
the legs are darkish , like mahogany . the chairs are not flimsy ; they are sturdy and i would think they could hold up to 300 lbs . be aware that the seat is very firm and has a hump that may or may not soften as they are used . ca n't tell whether it is springs or just lots of new stuffing . 
no . 
yes , but only to the same temperature as the dish 
it is not bone china . it is , however , oven-proof 
unfortunately i did not receive this item from amazon from america , so can not comment on this item . however , i have just looked up the instructions for the one i bought from amazon uk , and it says , the glass lid cover must not be placed under the grill . do not use the pyrex cover under a griller or in a toaster oven . so it seems to me you can , but leave it up to you . states , oven and griller use -- - corningware cookware is ideal for all types- conventional , convention and toaster ovens . this is printed on my leaflet , so i hope that helps you ! 
yes 
10 1 4 x 7 3 4 x 3 '' deep , by volume it holds the same amount as my 9x13 2 1 2 qt pyrex casserole dish . ours works great and we use it often . 
i do no know , however , being corningware and the outstanding company that they are , my guess would be that it does not contain lead . 
the lid is safe for microwave and oven use . : ) 
not overly well unless you have a particularly large oven or the baking dish itself is particularly small - you 'd have to do some measuring to be sure . 
yes you can 
yes 
yes the handles are part of the pottery . we are happy with the size and quality of this piece . it is versatile . enjoy 
about 11 in x 7 1 2 in external , about 9 in x 6 1 2 internal 
i do n't think you need to worry about corning wear . this stuff is like iron . i 'm baking something right now at 450 with no problem . i 've used corning ware for about 40 years ! 
the curtain is 72 '' x 72 '' .. it is for a standard size tub shower . it is too big for a stall shower . 
just the curtain . 
hi they call it bronze color also available in black 
no there is not , and as an advice avoid brown rug it is too dark and doesnt match at all try to et honey or carmel color i did and it looks muchhhhhh better , good luck 
no . all of the pieces i purchased were seperate . a window curtain was not an option anywhere i saw . i bought the shower curtain , towel , soap and toothbrush holder . also curtain hooks . love it . good quality material . 
no . just the shower curtain . 
there are seams around each of the cups . 
the label says made in china . they are not made in the u.s. , sadly . 
the label says made in china . they are not made in the u.s. , sadly . 
i 'm sorry , the packaging is long gone and it 's not stamped on the item itself . i have been using these since last year and really like them . they are heavy duty , clean up well and makes cooking mini 's a breeze now i can put both trays in oven at the same time . 
jessica , our specific amazon store does not . i apologize for the inconvenience ! 
i no longer have any paperwork , but i can tell you that it is a nice pan . i am a confirmed stainless steel user-cookware and bakeware . it is safe , cleans up in the dishwasher . i periodically use an sos pad to get any discolorations off and it stays looking new . hope this helps 
the use and care instructions that came with this do not mention anything about temperature . 
not sure , did n't keep it as it was n't very good quality ! ! 
they are flat .it is a good buy 
yes it is . 
it is just open drawers , but my wife loves hers . very sturdy and very expensive looking 
the product dimensions are given on the amazon web page . i measure them as 13 3 8 '' d x 35 5 16 '' w x 30 '' h . 
35 inches wide , 13 inches deep , by 30 inches high . i bought 2 and they assembled well . the shelf is a bit tricky , but all in all the unit looks good . 
you could , but i would n't be surprised to find that they make a taller bookcase ... probably a better look ... 
at that price it 's not real wood . it 's some sort of composition board covered with a hard wood-grain plastic , similar to formica . it 's a lot better than particle board covered with vinyl like you might get at walmart . the shelf seems very rigid , so i do n't expect it to sag like plywood or particle board . 
yes , i believe a standard size 3 ring binder would fit on either shelf . i have standard size binders that are cookbooks on each shelf and they fit without a problem . the shelves each have about 11.5 '' clearance = ) 
according to cuisinart web site the aluminum does go up the sides in the multiclad pro line - it does not say if the aluminum goes the full height or not . i have several of the multiclad pro line of cookware and am very pleased with its performance . 
the pan itself does not have a country of origin as part of it 's information stamp on the bottom , but the box says `` made in china '' . hope that helps . 
i never personally did it but i would be afraid , it would be all discolored on the outside from being in the oven . 
9 1 2 inches in diameter 4 3 4 inches tall 
2 things , multiclad is heavier duty and one piece with aluminum core . classic is thinner and bottom welded pressed to pot . 
i ca n't get to mine right now , but the dimensions are given on the amazon website . 
yes . i perch the cup on the lid of the carafe so it does n't have too far to drop . 
yes 
mine took 10-12 minutes , that is before the frother quit working and i had to either buy a manual frother to make cappacino or purchase another espresso maker , it was just over 6 months old , used twice a week at most . i opted to purchase a frother and now get cappacino in about half the time . 
two prong plug . 
they 're is a single knob dial located on the right side toward the back of the side panel a few inches from the top . it 's flush with the side panel and does n't protrude . 
it does have a fan , it is n't as loud as other heaters fans i have had . it is as low hum but i like it because it shuts out a lot of noise at night . 
i guess so ..it work fine where i live puts out very good heat pretty my husband love his the one i got from amazon . 
you just plug it in . 
yes , there is overheat protection . you can find the manual here : http : crane-usa.com assets 50f0d3ca7a507223c101e2fa fireplace_heater_2013__jan_11_.pdf 
are you asking about the length of the cord ? it 's about 6 feet long . common sense about distance to other materials ... not particularly hot at the back of the heater . 
product details color : white product dimensions : 15 x 7.5 x 12.5 inches shipping weight : 14.6 pounds ( view shipping rates and policies ) shipping : this item is also available for shipping to select countries outside the u.s. origin : china shipping advisory : this item must be shipped separately from other items in your order . additional shipping charges will not apply . 
46 '' tall x 77 '' wide x 41 '' deep + 3.5 '' for the ladder 
this thing is junk . i returned mine , it started to crack as i was putting it together . do not buy ! it 's not real solid wood . 
not sure what you mean . if you 're asking if you can move the ladder from the 3 drawer dresser and attach it to the two drawer dresser side , the answer is no . the two ends can be changed depending on where you want the front of the bed and the ladder to face but that 's it . sorry , i hope that was helpful . btw , my 7 year old loves her bed . i 'm just not that crazy about it . it 's not as sturdy as i would like a bed to be and the edges on the top of the bed are kind of sharp . have to be very careful getting on and off the bed . 
yes , you can configure it however you need . i actually have 2 of these in one room , facing each other with an aisle in the middle - so the ladder and single drawer are on the right for one , and the left for the other . 
i do n't know , but the could n't be any easier to clean - a little soapy water , and then let them dry , or towel dry before you freeze them . 
yes they are odourless and tasteless . the liquid contents , that freeze , are sealed inside 
they are aprox 1 cubic inch 
no . 
no liquid in the cubes , they did n't chill the drink very well . 
correct it is one piece . 
yes 
no , they are hand wash only . 
i 'm figuring 6-8 oz . feels like you can have a decent size glass of wine in it . 
yes ! 
when i purchased them , they were two in a package . 
we actually are going to start personalize them..but it will not be until next week . i can let you know . thanks dessa 
do n't we wish : - ) but they do keep the wine inside if you have an unsteady hand ! 
they are clear , so completely see through 
they 're made of 100 % polyester , in china . 
12 inches tall and 10 inches wide . 
i believe 3 . 
fort worth , texas 
it is not made for folding but it would . i would n't fold it because of the wear it would have on the foam that is inside it . 
cotton black 
the cord comes out the bottom in the front but then can be wrapped around in the cord slot underneath to take up slack and exit in any direction . 
i have the 2-slice model , not the 4-slice , but the dots on my model do not light up . 
i do n't have the 4 slot version . but , the 2 slot version does n't beep . the toast just pops up when finished . 
yes..have not noticed any heat at all . 
the bagel function works great it does toast both sides , the toast function works ok but sometimes does not brown evenly , we would buy it again.defrost works very well also . 
that is an anti-corrosive coating on the metal heating elements that burns off after the first extended heat-up . it 's along trip by boat from the far east . make sure the toaster slots are cleared of all packing material anyway , and clear the crumb trays ( in back ) once a week . do n't turn the dials up past 4-5 to start ... low and slow toasts best , english muffins toast twice . 
this will hold at least 50 pounds . 
the table top is 28 '' x 17.75 '' and when open , it stands 26 '' high . 
28 x 18 x 26 high 
the product is very sturdy , and the workmanship is excellent . the company , manchester wood , asks you to contact them if there is any problem . they guarantee to replace any part or the whole product if defective . check out their website for more information . 
yes 
yes 
yes , but buy the correct insert for this model . there are many many inserts out there . do homework . 
that is correct , hand sanitizer is not included . 
d batteries , they are included . 
hello blake , there is not a green gel with aloe available for this dispenser . purell 1906-02 contains six moisturizers but is still clear . sincerely , cleanitsupply 
one of my purell put outdoor is now are pumping liquid all time and i dont know what problem 
i really do n't understand the stand u are talking about but i bought same size refill so it can fit 
this sharpener is petech . it is shown on a wusthof youtube video . you can find this video if you google wusthof precision edge technology . 
yes 
the machine is made for wusthof products ; i 've used it on other german made steel from the 60 's with no problems . i have used on current knives , chicago steel , etc . and it does an ok job . as for scratching never noticed any , it really works great with their products , and ok with others , it 's the wusthof edge , it sharpens to . but never observed scratch on any cutlery 
i do n't believe it matters what brand knife you own . i have several brands of knifes and it works better than any of the other two sharpeners i have owned . it 's a winner , unlike the cubs . 
they are 110 volt 
it can not `` sharpen '' serrated edges in the true sense , but running the knife through the far right stropping wheel removes burrs from the serrated edge and helps a great deal . i love this sharpener . 
not sure how long they will last but typical diamond sharpeners last for years and years . these are replaceable . my sharpener does a super job . i use it more than my $ 800 tormek which is gigantic . 
this sharpener will work on non-wusthof knives . the first stage ( `` coarse '' ) will provide the angle wusthof uses . it may take quite a number of passes . 
2 inches x 2 inches x 2 inches 
most of the standard herbs not really spices so dill rosemary oregano but no cinnamon or cloves i 'd like to buy a second one and fill my own bottles i think 
if you are planning to use the spice jars to hold the essential oils , i would think you might run into some trouble . the jar included in the set have plastic lids and are definitely not air tight ( many have mentioned that the more finely grated spices spill out of the lid ) so you could not only have the mess of the oil spilling out , but the smells would presumably escape as well . but if you are planning to leave the oils in their original jars and just use the bamboo case to store them , that might work ( if the dimensions are right ) . hope that helps . 
as far as i know it comes with the spices ( which is great because spices are very expensive ) 
4 ounces 
8 '' lx6 '' h ( 12 '' ) x4 '' 
hi ! thank you for your note . yes it is ! you can go ahead an purchase it , even though it is black , and we will send you a white one . please let us know what you would like to do . thanks again , caren 
6-7 '' 
1-3 pounds . it 's nice and light and really worth the money . 
120 volts 
no it is not cordless but works great no problems 
no 
34.7 x 19 x 37.8 inches 
hello , no this product is not lockable on its own . 
yes the full cabinet is finished . 
when open the cabinet is 66 inches wide . 
34.7 '' d x 19 '' d x 37.75 '' h 
no it is not . 
unfortunately we can not add any more pics . i apologize for any inconvenience . 
no , these do not have a lock on them . 
about 12 inches . it 's about 4 inches deep . it 's very wide and shallow . 
i use mine in the oven 
i would assume 500*f , i do n't remember it saying anything on lables about that . i use mine in the oven and stovetop with direct flame , no problems . 
do n't buy this mine had large chips in the finish i use it for a dog water bowl outside buy something else 
the ground container usable part measures approx . 3.5 x 3.0 x 2.5 which holds approx . about 11 to 12 oz of ground coffee . i leave a 1 oz stainless steel measuring scoop in the container . the top container will take approx . a 1 4 lb of coffee beans . i have not tried it , but i think it will fill the ground container without putting more beans in . 
the bottom says made in china . 
it does on some depending on the shape of the neck . if it is uniforn and does n't have a weird lip or edge . 
i just tried it on a wine bottle and yes it does . i honestly love these locks 
no . they are the same diameter and use the same lids . 
do you mean induction cooktops ? if so then yes ! i use mine with my induction range and it works great . 
i have a ceramic cooktop and these work great . 
it is glass with a stainless steel handle 
the 1 1 2 quart is 6 5 16 inch inside diameter . height is 3 1 8 inches . handle is 6 3 4 inches long 
the holes are one size and i have to trim them somewhat , but i would still recommend them as it beats cleaning to stove top . 
no way to measure thickness of the foil , but it is thicker than aluminum foil on a roll . bends easily . melts when it catches on fire as it sometimes does . 
yes they are 8.5 square . i am very happy with this brand . i 've even been able to wash them and re-use ! 
3.75 in . 
there are no measurements for thickness on the packages . it is thicker than household alum . foil and would be difficult to tear when in use on burner surfaces . 
they are made of sturdy plastic and i put mine in the dishwasher with no problem . 
they come with straws 
yes , each cup comes with matching color straws and lids . these are great quality and work really well . drinks stay cold for hours and no sweating . love them . the only thing i would change is making them a little smaller . they are big cups ! 
definitely not ! they 're hard plastic . either they will melt or emit toxins ... 
6 matching lids and 6 matching straws 
i think so . we just bought a normal pillow top full size mattress to go with it . you wo n't need a box spring . 
it arrived in 3 large boxes on a pallet . the largest pieces are pre-assembled in the boxes but then they must be joined together . i would say it 's a two person job as the pieces are quite large and heavy to position . 
thank you for your interest in our product . here is the same bed in twin size http : www.amazon.com jura-white-finish-bookcase-twin dp b00aq2985u ref=sr_1_1 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1401200345 & sr=1-1 & keywords=jura+off+white+finish+bookcase+twin+size+day+bed thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . this item you are inquiry for is full size bed as the tittle stated . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product , for this particular furniture , it is made of veneer . 
this one yes . but they make a newer model with a flip top too 
yes 
my favorite is frozen raspberries . i add approx . 3 4 cup at night then put in the fridge to grab in the morning on my way to work . the raspberries melt into the water and the taste is amazing . i have also used with about 6 slices of normal size lemon . i was a bit surprised how much fruit i could get in it . good purchase . since mine i 've ordered 5 more for coworkers . all who love it ! 
no . hand wash only . 
no , it appears to be bonded to the outside . 
hi pam , i 'm sorry i ca n't answer your question . i bought it as a gift . the kid really liked it , though . roger 
i have two of these . my guess , and it is only a guess , they are the same heaters since they have the same basic number *o715* . one with electronic controls and side heat shields and this one a basic heater with a thermostat . 
i have two in an insulated 4 car garage with 14 foot ceiling and when outside temps of 30 - 35 it keeps the garage about 60 . 
yes but only for about two hours . 
only way to determine that is to 1. check power bills before and after use or 2. look at power consumption 1500w and multiply by cost per 1000w ( 1kw ) you pay for electricity . my unit is used to get one room ( 150sq ft ) in my 1700 square ft house really warm and this saves me money . 
i ca n't accurately answer that question because i have only owned or used the miele s8990 uniq . i can , however , tell you that i am a 53 year old housewife with several pets and grandkids and have never had a vacuum that i have been satisfied with in the long term until i broke down and spent the money on the miele ! it works equally well on carpets , hardwood floors , tile and linoleum . it does n't lose power or suction over time . it uses cloth bags that keep the dust in the bag because emptying a canister is a mess . my husband has even used my beloved miele out in his garage and came in bragging about how tough it is . the best part about it is how amazingly quiet it is . i really can not say enough about the quality of this vacuum and i have used top of the line models from hoovers to dysons and everything in between and i will only ever own a miele from now on . 
well the air exaust port is on the top of the canister and is filtered so it pretty much expells air in a straight colum of air . you really have to be over the vacuum to feel the exaust . 
21 feet . 
i 'm not sure but it clearly states in the description that it is not . '' bentgo is not leak proof . it does seal very well , but to be safe when packing dressing , fruit and other liquids , be sure to keep the bentgo upright during transport . '' 
the pack-it freezable bags dimentions are 10 '' h x 8 '' w x 4 '' d this bento might fit if you put it in sideways . 
it is 7 '' x5 '' , and when it is all stacked together it is 4 '' tall . 
it is not insulated , so if you were to put a casserole or something like that in the morning , it would be room temp . we did get the insulated bag as well , which does help , but it essentially doubles in size then and the compact design goes away then . for a salad or something basically refrigerated , it does keep it cold enough for lunch at school . 
my lid etc fit fine after washing in dishwasher . 
yes . 
no 
small salad on the bottom compartment or a sandwich . the top some cut fruit or snacks . 
i think i used a 13w cfl . 
yes , there is a screw or nut when remove bulb . make sure power is off for safety . 
16 1 2 x 9 3 4 '' 
i recall that they did include the metal part of the light fixture . it was riveted to the plastic . i can not be sure that it had the light fixture too , but i am leaning towards yes . hope others can confirm . i sent it back because it was smaller dimensions than advertised and would not cover the hole . good luck . 
the grille is held in place by the lightbulb `` housing plate '' . remove the bulb , unscrew the housing , feed it thru the center of the grille , then screw the housing back in place . the lens snaps on off the grille . 
120 volts 
yes we can ship it to singapore 
hey . amazon shipping varies per product and weight by country . please attempt checkout with your delivery address . it will let you know if it can ship to your address . tks . 
you check this link http : youtu.be roqlijpluca 
yes nick . it clearly states on the product page all you need is an outlet to plug it in . seriously people , stop being so disgusting and rude about this product ! 
2 pin plug . 
if your a perfectionist and know what your doing ... i guess it would not be too bad . you would have to really cover all the mirrors well before painting . 
60 '' x 14 '' x 36 inches high 
just shy of 60 '' long ( if you mean length as width ) and 14 '' deep at its widest point . 
yes 
it says egytian cotton on the tags and i quite like them 
15 inch 
i do not know where the sheets are made but i do like them . 
yes and for the price you ca n't beat them . 
yes they do 
the harp on the back of the glass is embossed , the guinness logo and the gold harp are printed on the glass . they are exactly like the ones in which guinness was served in every pub in england , iceland and norway that i visited this past summer . 
yes . 
when poured perfectly , the 14.9 oz guinness draught will leave 1 2 - 3 4 inch of space at the top of the glass . 
yes , they are fine in dishwasher . great glasses 
no 
no , i 'm a woman & have no problem using it . 
yes , that 's what i have . 
i wish they had this years ago it is the best is a double handle . do n't hesitate uses real easy enjoy plunging lol 
unless your shower drain is the same as a toilet drain i would advise against using this particular plunger on your shower drain . this particular plunger was designed to clear a toilet . located within the plunger cup is a piece that works similar to a drain auger but shorter and works in conjunction with the actual plunger bulb . i hope that this information helps . 
it 's about 4 feet tall but i do n't recommend it it 's cheaply made you are better off going to idea and paying the same price and get a better product 
hi mary -- the drawers are 31 1 2 wide x 14 deep and 5 inches high . 
i am not sure but the wood for the drawers is thin . i would not recommend this , it does fit together as it should and one of my drawers is messed up because it did not fit together well . i try not to use it . they also come off track easily when pulling them open . 
my husband battled with it . 1 of the dressers is great , we are still have problems with 2 drawers on one of the dressers . i think there is something wrong with the tracks . 
do n't pay it piece so crap , hard to build could not get drawers right 
i purchased two of these dressers and they are rather dark , depending on what light they are in . i assembled them in my living room and they looked very black . we have a cherry wood ( the darker cherry wood ) armorie and our beds head and foot board is also cherry wood . once we put the dressers in the bedroom then they did n't seem to be as dark and they did balance out color wise with the mixture of the darker cherry wood and the dressers . but yes , they are darker than the photos show . the hardware can be replaced due to the holes being drilled for standard handles . hope this helps ! 
the screw holes were n't aligned correctly , drawers would n't slide in and lay correctly , top dresser drawer was painted upside down and the brackets would n't hold the front cover of drawer together , had to create own screw & nail holes 
yes , there is a button that toggles it on and off . i rarely use the ionizer . 
coway protects its customers with a three-year warranty . however , coway 's website does not offer much help . the company email address and phone number are displayed on every page , but the site lacks a dedicated support tab . from the product pages , you can download a new owner 's manual , but you will not be able to find quick help through a faqs section . source : http : air-purifier-review.toptenreviews.com coway-mask2-review.html 
its never silent though on low its fairly quiet - kind of a nice low windy white noise with only the slightest electrical mechanical sound . the kind of think you can only hear if your in the same room as it . on medium or high though it sounds like a vent fan and is rather loud . 
the biggest difference is the size design of the systems and the cost life expectancy of the replacement filters . the coway ap-1012gh is for 256 sq ft and has a cadr ( clean air delivery rate ) of 165. the carbon odor filter is suppose to be changed every year and the hepa filter every 3 years . the coway ap-1512hh is for 326 sq ft. and has a cadr of 210. the carbon odor filter is suppose to be changed every 6 months and the hepa filter every year . 
yes 
all measurements i believe are on the posting . 
needs to be assembled . it is an easy job if you lay all the pieces out , they are all numbered , and follow the instructions . just do n't take any short-cuts and take your time . 
yes , it does have a 3 prong cord . 
does it even have a filter ? i know it has a filter for the coffee but does it have another somewhere and where ? 
yes but it takes about 4 weeks its about $ 24.00 i bought a damaged carton for 28.00 ( hint ) if you pull the shut off thingie out in the bottom of the plastic basket you can use any pot . save the parts when you get your new one just bush it back in . 
i believe the answer `` yes '' . go online , wolfgang puck products , and find what you need . i 've done it before . hope this helps you . 
has never happened to me . does it go away when you push program button ? or program + hour ? 
i do not understand the question ! sorry 
cheaper hepa filter that fits winix 6300 ! fellowes hf-300 true hepa filter , for use with fellowes ap-300ph air purifier ( 9370101 ) sold on amazon for $ 33.00 -- contains only the white hepa filter , with out all those black carbon filters . the winix brand filter ( $ 64.99 i think ) for the 6300 is only sold with 3 addt'l black carbon filters and most of us have tons of those and only want the hepa filter . this fellowes brand filter fits the winix 6300 and it 's much cheaper -- at $ 33.00 ea . with that savings i bought 2 of them . they are completely identical to the winix brand replacements . 
it works on detection . if the air is polluted , it will automatically turn on higher to filter it , ie..cigarette smoke , cleaning solutions , food odor , kids farts.. : ) 
the replacement filter box says it fits wac 5300 and wac 6300 ( we have the 6300 ) 
the 6300 has an extra level of filtration . i just ca n't spell out the details for you . just read the product description for each model and it should be clear . good luck ... .marie cappola 
yes 
not sure ... they are 2 different machines . i 'm very happy with the 6300 4 stage because i get a lot of blow sand from the beach . my guess is they both cover about same amount of sq ft. if you have a larger room than 350 sq ft , then buy 2 machines . 
yes it is bernard ! i run it on manual at level 3 almost 24 7. it 's doing an excellent job . i had huge problem with dust from blow sand ... i live a block from the beach . 
the best explanation is here : http : www.winixinc.com plasmawave-page-99.php 
just over 31 '' . 
it 's 24-3 4 '' wide . 
no i think it would be to thin for that 
about 16 '' x 13 '' x 24 '' . 
it 's made in china . 
i 'm not quite sure what you mean by adjustable bed frame , but if you 're planning to put this on a bed that `` bends '' ( like a hospital bed or something similar ) , i imagine that it would probably be fine . it is n't rigid so i think it would flex move with the positions ; and it 's heavy enough that it should n't just slide off . that being said , i have mine on a regular mattress ( and regular bed frame ) so i ca n't say for sure . hope that helps ! 
never had it out in the cold , but i do n't think it will harden . 
absolutely right ! 
about 26 '' ca n't say specifically as my installation makes it difficult to measure exactly . 
i believe it was roughly 2 to 2 and a half feet . around 8 inches between shelves . good shelf . i bought it for my offshore job . left it with my old crew . i bought the sticky shelf paper for it . worked great . 
shelves are 17.5 wide x 11.8 deep the unit will hold about 15-17 pounds on each shelf . i have my dvd player on a shelf my cable box on a shelf and my wii and router on a shelf with no problems . i hope this helps 
yes , and quite useful in a variety of ways . they are very sturdy , clean looking and actually fit over permanent coasters . 
4 inch diameter . 
4 '' across . 
4 '' diameter x 1 16 '' thick white compressed paper 
density is pounds per cubic foot . this topper weighs 31.6 pounds and it measures 80 inches by 60 inches by 3 inches , and that 's 8.33 cubic feet . dividing 8.33 into 31.6 gives the density as 3.79 pounds per cubic foot . this is a medium density and optimum for most people , but note henrietta 's comment below . 
it comes with a fitted sheet type cover . 
it 's comparable to the brand name memory foam products , perhaps just a little thicker and heavier . in terms of weight it 's pretty heavy 
i 've slept on the topper for around 2 years now with no issues ! if anything it stays cooler than my mattress did without it . after 2 years of use it has n't worn or flattened at and still feels new every night when i lay down , i 'd definitely recommend it if you 're looking for a topper . 
i ca n't see why not , seems like it would be easy to cut ... no worries , nothing will ooze 
not that i have experienced . however , with that being said , sometimes it feels as if it too firm and then the next night , just right . honestly , i think it the way i am sleeping or if i am overly tired . i do have to take it from the top of the bed and use it between the boxspring and mattress . hope that helps . 
i clean it with soap & water , with a plain water rinse after that ( not even after every use , depending on what i have used it for ) . i also wipe it down once in a while with the mineral oil . i 've had this board for quite a while now , i use it daily & it is still as beautiful as the day i received it . the mineral oil really helps keep it clean . 
i suppose you could . it has the same finish on both sides and i recommend maintaining the board by treating both sides with oil once a month if you plan on using it as i do in my home to prep ( 2 ) meals a day . 
yes . clean it after applying mineral oil . let the mineral oil stay on it for a couple hours and then lightly wash it . 
yes 
no , i do n't . i use vinegar and baking soda . 
yes ! 
no . neither does the throttle . 
hi rodney my friend assembled the seat for me . all that i know is that its a little backwards . i think the parts are reversed if i remember correctly . i can give you a better answer tomorrow when my friend is here . it does go together but yes recall there was a trick to it . id you send me an an email address i can also send you a pic of underneath my seat so you can see the setup . bill 
i have 3 24 inch monitors on the stand.so that is for full surround look . one middle and two sides . hope this helps 
if they have them they should be the size of a twin mattress . i noticed that on my queen it is a few inches shorter on the foot end but i am 6ft and do n't come close to the end of the topper . before you order measure your mattress and then have amazon customer service help you verify the toppers width and length as well as thickness . i hope this helps you . 
do n't know how to calculate it , but it 's pretty dense , quite comfortable 
it floats in water . is really soft . very soft . i recomended gel infused one . 
medium firm 
i used by amazon card at 0 % interest for 12 months 
yes 
nope , just the mattress . dynasty sells a separate box that 's pretty good -- for people who have n't seen the inside of a box spring it 's somewhat disappointing ( cheap wood , cheap fabric ) but it does the trick . 
yes , easily . 
it is 13 `` wide by 12 `` deep , and 2 `` high 
yes , we bought this with the bunn my cafe mcu and some variety packs of k-cups . it all fits nicely in one spot on the counter top . the bunn my cafe fits on top of it comfortably with room to spare and holds the weight of the bunn easily . we found it was much better for saving counter space than having a carousel type of k-cup holder , which is important in our kitchen . hope this helps ! 
fits perfectly & # 128077 ; ! ! i have my k75 platinum 2 days before i purchased this storage drawer , really nice on both set up together & # 128516 ; 
the vue anchor drawers fits 48 tassimo t-discs ! mind reader 
no , all three drawers are divided and the dividers are not removable . 
no it does n't come with mattresses . 
if you put one on each twin size mattress ... . 
not hard at all . it is a little easier with two people ( just to help hold things ) but can be done by one person . 
no xl , just regular ; we are using a thicker mattress on top , less thickness on trundle 
it hold up my husband and i less than 300 lbs together 
yes , you can , but it defeats the essential benefit of keeping food fresh longer . they might also crack if over filled as liquids expand when they are frozen . the debbie meyer ultralite greenboxes are independent laboratory tested and proven to keep fresh produce , baked goods and snacks fresh longer , without freezing . if you freeze in them you will experience freezer burn and the freshness properties will not work . in the freezer you need to create a vacuum to prevent freezer burn . you can use debbie meyer geniusvac and debbie meyer geniusvac bags for the freezer . the beauty of these boxes is that you do not have to freeze most times because the food stays fresh for longer . hope this helps . 
whatever you cook can be put into these boxes . any leftovers seem to keep fresh longer . 
yes , and microwave safe as well , ive been using them for years , love them ! 
i just took out a frozen container of turkey soup out of the freezer to heat up in the microwave . it tastes good , i do it all the time with no problems . i wash the container with mild soap and reuse them again . i hope this helps : ) 
i am not sure . i have not used it for cheese . but you could freeze the cheese to extend its life . 
sorry , i do not know . 
no 
yes 
the one i have that is a real zen does n't grow but the one that was sent to me that is not grows algae i would suggest contacting zen next time for a real filter 
if this is the filter for the 4 gallon zen water system , i 'm not sure it will . as a guideline , only use the filtration system meant for that particular water system . i found a filter from another company for my 4 gallon but it was so wrong in every way . with this being said , i 'm not sure this filter will fit what your zero water 10 cup pitcher . maybe someone else has done this and can speak better to the results : ) 
i do n't know if it will fit the model you are asking about . i tried to use this filter in another system and although it fit , it did not function properly . the water did not go through properly and it would leak all over the place . i ended up having to replace it with the type of filter made for my filter system . so even though this particular filter was a little bit less money , it was not worth the risk of purchasing it to try it out . 
i 'm pretty sure it is , it fits my system . sold by zen water systems . purinex brand does not fit , do n't buy them 
yes , very light laquer coating 
it would take about 8-9 days to receive once you order 
most likely . we use on top of outdoor grill 
the outside diameter of the top edge is 11 15 16 ( essentially 12 inches ) . the inside diameter of the top edge is slightly smaller of course due to the thickness of the iron . the inside diameter of the bottom of the pan is 10 inches . 
it is not machined . i just received mine today . although the bottom is much smoother than lodge , the bottom is textured rather than pebbly . i hope that with a few years use it can be used to fry eggs and will become smooth . meanwhile there are no manufacturers in the u.s. that machine it 's cast iron . our only resource is estate sales and yard sales . good luck finding the 'prize '' . 
yes 
yes , i bought them to use with foodsaver . 
it works for foodsaver and it will worl for ziplock as well 
they will work just fine with a seal a meal . 
i guess they could be reused , depending on what was stored in them , you could cut them open and reseal them . i use them mainly to freeze meat . therefore , you would not want to reuse them . i do n't think i would reuse them at all because of bacteria from foods . also they are great quality bags . 
no idea . think i got free shipping with amazon prime ' been awhile back . 
it 's definitely turquoise . trust the picture shown ! 
tented . 
mine always rolls out perfectly flat 
i do n't know i like it i would recommend this 
it 's 22 1 2 x 14 1 2 inch . this is a great mat.. 
why would you want t to put it in the oven , it is for rolling pastry , i certainly would n't risk it . 
yes 
the mat is 22 1 2 inch by 14 3 4 inches . 
it certainly does ... i love all the sizes ... want them all ! ! 
keep casseroles fresh and warm with this handy charles viancin 10 '' x 13 '' rectangular banana leaf lid . inspired by nature , this durable food-grade silicone universal lid will create a tight seal on any smooth rim , including stainless steel , glass , plastic or melamine . its unique design helps prevent spills by creating an airtight seal , making it ideal for cooking , reheating , storing , and keeping dishes hot or cold . lid measures 9 '' x 13 '' . heat safe to 450 f. cold safe to -40 '' f. oven , microwave and dishwasher safe . 
they are food grade silicone . 
if the sides of the bath are flat on the top , it will work . in other words , not fluted or curvy on the top , or higher on the ends . it needs to make contact with the edges of the bath all the way around . 
according to their website and their literature and packaging , they are bpa free . 
the 10-1 2 x 10-1 2 sort of square one . 
hi , fred , no , sorry , just one tub . that separation idea is a good one , though . this is a really , nice sturdy mop bucket . but i think you should invent your idea . 
the measurements of the wringer are 9 inches width 11 inches front to back 16 inches long . these measurements do not include the handle and you can add about 4 more inches to the width . 
yes it actually does come off . this should say 6pcs because the wheels are unattached when it arrives ( easy to push in ) and the wringer detaches . 
yes 
wood . 
they are solid wood . 
chicago cutlery now is mostly made in china with inferior chinese steel ( 420 stainless ) . their american production knives are branded `` lamson sharp '' or `` lamson & goodnow '' . chicago cutlery is fine for the average homeowner . but if you like quality steel look elsewhere . 
forged . we 've had them about 18 months now and i could n't be happier with my purchase . we do a lot if entertaining and the knives are used daily . they are as sharp as the day i bought them . highly recommend ! 
8 steak , paring knife , bread knife , sharpener , bone knife , scissors , bone knife and another larger paring knife . 
it 's been a year since i bought the product and i do n't recall how much soap came with it . the dispenser is great . you just have to remember to turn it back on after you charge it . 
not that i can see . it has to be frequently recharged so you have to be near the recharger . but mine quit rather soon after i got it so i do not recommend it at all . 
it has a rubber seal for the charging port , but regardless it failed to hold a charge after several months of use . 
just received mine today and it says made in china 
yes it is ss . very high quality construction , as far as i can tell . 
yes , you can . i wipe my down with a damp dishrag and then dry it with a dish towel quite often as it sits out on my counter and gets splatters and dusty . it 's very easy to clean it up . i would never put it in a sink full of water though . 
no 
just one which i 've never used . i use the machine to make very thin lasagna sheets and ravioli . the cutter looks to be for a medium width pasta . maybe i 'll use it one of these days and see . 
from what i researched it does but you have to buy an attachment for it . i am thinking about getting it , but i just got the machine so first i have to see if i can actually make the pasta first . 
i do n't think so . 
not me . i would think your biggest problem is going to be in keeping the clay from sticking to the rollers . i use lots of flour to keep my dough moving through freely . if you can keep the clay from sticking , i do n't see why you could n't use it to roll clay . it 's pretty sturdy . 
only for cutting out small pieces . it is to small for covering the cake . 
yes , you can also adjust the thickness of the lasagna but you have the cut it yourself , there is no lasagna roller . 
shiny 
they were a gift for a friend . i do n't know the height but they were 12 oz . 
we did n't keep them long enough to find out . the quality was so bad that we sent then back . 
no 
the surface is very hard , smooth , and shiny . it looks like cups i 've seen with logos , etc . do n't really know what 's required for inkjet decals . 
i was asked to respond to your question , but i dont know what you require for your latteo milk wisp . i have bought several of the glass replacement beakers ( or carafes ) for my 12 cup bodum 51 ounce french press coffee maker and they work perfect - i 've broken a few ! dont know what you need for your situation , but think this carafe might not be for you . try googling `` bodum replacement carafe for latteo milk wisp '' . good luck ! brenda 
what are your height , diameter needs ? 
12 cup 51 oz or 1.5 liter ; outside ; : 7.25 h , 4.57 w dia at base , 4.75 dia at top lip , inside : 7.12 h , 4.4 dia 
king werk 
absolutely . gave it as a gift to my dad and he uses his . i believe it may not be dishwasher safe , though , so a quick hand-wash would be neccesary . 
power : 200 watts 
yes i need to hold it 
typical length but you probably want to mix near an outlet 
jason its a standard cord length like a toaster or mixer 
does n't say 
no 
i use the then for kosher salt but sea salt is way to big . 
where it 's gotten wet and not wiped down , it has a couple of pits , but the top and bottom have no rust 
no lid 
they are 7-1 2 inches high and 3 inches in diameter . hope this helps . 
yes , the top screws on . hope that helps . 
sure , but if you just stuffed a tea bag in there it would take longer to brew . a better way might be to cut the bag open and pour the loose tea into the infuser . 
yes 
as of november 1 2013 it seems to be in stock . kitchen kapers has it , too . 
it sure is ! its made from a bpa-free silicone . i 'm a female who 's trying to conceive so its important to me things are bpa-free . 
10 '' long 2 '' high . kind of small but works great for my two japanese knives i did n't want scratched by traditional magnetic racks 
i 'm not positive on terminology , but there are two deep cavities and slits bored into the back of the rack into which the hardware slides ( fat topped screws ) . 
i 'm not sure if command strips will be strong enough to hold this thing . the issue is that for the knives to attach and detach nicely the mount has to be firmly attached with no wiggle or play . i used 3m outdoor tape to attach mine which worked fine but that stuff is strong and difficult to remove so it might not be applicable for you . you might be able to put the large command strips across the entire length and make it work . also keep in mind the weight of the knives you are hanging . 
i think it 's around a minute or so . 
i am not sure , it not mentioned . 
yes it measures in ounces , as well as grams and pounds . this scale has been great for me when i 'm making up burger patties . i hope this helps . 
the containers themselves are , but remove the lids , and do not put the freezer gel center in the microwave . 
it 's the blue piece in the middle . 
it is 6 1 2 inches square and when expanded for use is almost 4 1 2 inches tall . 
yes it will , and you will have more space , but the small containers will be like all over the place because the freezer tray keep them in place 
very durable . we have a senior using it and a 7 year old . the capacity is just right for lunches or snacks at the park ... stays cold for hours ! 
the lunchbox is made in china . 
yes it states that it is bpa free on the bottom of the container . 
my son used to throw it in his backpack ( with the frozen tray ) and it never leaked . 
unfortunately , we only have this product in blue , orange or purple . sorry about that ! 
thank you for your interest in our product . this item will shipped through a freight company who schedule a convenient date and time with you ahead of time . so it is important that you have a workable contact number on your amazon account . all freight delivery will be curb-side . more detailed information about shipment and others are located at the our amazon store front . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
solid wood . very heavy and sturdy table . 
thank you for your interest in our product . yes . the bench is available for purchase . http : www.amazon.com karven-solid-wood-dining-bench dp b00bd6e52o ref=sr_1_1 ? s=home-garden & ie=utf8 & qid=1408464017 & sr=1-1 & keywords=bc713 thank you and have a wonderful day ! -furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . unfortunately , very shipment is brand new from factory . furnituremaxx do not store parts or returns . we do not have just chairs to sell . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -furnituremaxx 
yes ... if you do a search in amazon for `` roundhill furniture karven solid wood dining chairs '' a result for a pair of them comes up , sold by furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . the chairs that you are inquiry for has solid wood with beautiful dark hazelnut finish . thank you and have a wonderful day ! furnituremaxx 
thank you for your interest in our product . this set has one box for the bench and two boxes for the chairs and two boxes for the table . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
overall width : 46.812 '' w overall depth : 23.625 '' d overall height : 34.812 '' h 
includes all hardware . except for hammer and screwdriver 
overall width : 46.812 '' w overall depth : 23.625 '' d overall height : 34.812 '' h 
34.812 is the overall height of the item . it ca n't be folded 
no , the wrapper says clearly made in china . i quess that is why they are cheap . i bought two and both thermometers have no marking on the product . one was from norpro which i think was made in india and the other says `` china . '' 
think where you can read it and move it if needed . where will not be in the way of pans going in and out . as centered as possible . 
the fabric has a soft sheen to it on the front side . it 's a very pretty , calming & cheerful color . 
not sure of the brand name that i have but they are a very soft sage blue and match well . actually did you see if madison park makes sheets , if so they may have a matching color . 
hi , pillows are spot clean the comforter and shams are machine wash-gentle and tumble dry on low , but i would take the comforter to a laundramat and use one of the bigger machines to give it room to move around . hope this helps , fyi i really like this set just the right weight and nice soft colors 
it 's only big enough for a 5 lb . chicken or turkey if you can find a really small one . 
no , 11 3 4 ' or less 
it has one rack and one drip broil pan 
no . it only comes with 1 rack . 
these are priced individually . i had to buy 6 ... 3 for each side of the couch . 
it is for one pillow only and does not come with a pillow . i used an old pillow that i had to put inside . the fabric is beautiful velvet and it is well made . i am very pleased with mine and it has made a lovely addition to my room . 
contact the seller 
our still design is neither a pot or a reflux . it 's a hybrid `` column '' or `` fractioning '' still . reflux stills are very effective at making rubbing alcohol , fuel alcohol , and other types of flavorless alcohol , but can be overkill for making more flavorful products such as traditional whiskies . they also generally do not include copper parts , and thus the final product does not benefit from the removal of sulfides , making it less drinkable than whiskey distilled with a pot still . pot stills allow for more flavor to transfer from mash ingredients into the final product , where the subtleties of these flavors increase the complexity and overall character of the whiskey , but they are less time and energy efficient than reflux stills . clawhammer 's design borrows the best features from pot still and reflux column designs - using a pure copper boiler , an all copper fractioning column without the reflux coil , and a simple and efficient in-line condenser . these elements allow for greater efficiency than a standard pot still provides and more flavor retention than reflux stills provide . essentially , it distills whiskey quickly and efficiently without compromising the character of the final product . 
something to catch the condensed steam you will make ... for your purified water , or ttb-approved other products . : - ) i 'd also add a set of gloves in case you need to adjust position of the unit during use , and a cold beer while you watch it work . 
55 1 2 inches . 
the vapor cone , cap skirt , bottom , collar , and body is 16oz copper ( .022 '' thick ) . the cap plate which supports the column ( column is made with standard copper pipe and sweat fittings ) is 36oz copper ( .049 '' thick ) . assembly was fun as the precut pieces fell together nicely . however i wish the opening at the top was designed larger to allow for easier access to clean . i would recommend sweating on a ball valve or using a solderless bulk fitting to allow for easy draining . if you have any other questions , feel free to ask . thank you , joe thank you , joe 
it is illegal to make alcohol . unless you have approval from your masters . ( government ) 
nope 
you will end up with about 80 85 % of your starting volume be it 1 gal . 5 gal . or 10. just know the more gallons you start with the the longer it will take to get to temp my 1st try at 10 gal . on hot plate took 3 hrs to get to temp 
since we use the local water supply we do not have sediment in our water , so i ca n't answer that part of the question . our water is chlorinated and the filter takes out all odor of that or any other chemicals . we are very pleased with this product . 
tim , all i have is i on amazon.com . wish i had more of them . 
yes 
it does remove the chlorine smell . 
i do n't believe so . mine certainly does n't nor would i want one 
paul . the maker comes with clear instructions and some basic recipes . we had never made ice cream either but we had had pretty good success so far . it does n't take very long - just makes sure to have enough ice and salt on hand . 
the label on the motor says made in china . we have used our ice cream maker several times this summer and are very pleased with the construction and the delicious results . 
yes there is 
no , it doesnt . it just needs ice around the canister while youre making the ice cream . no pre - freezing the canister required . 
yes . this is normal for this machine . when the canister turns , dasher is still in place so in a way the dasher is turning . it 's hard to explain but here 's a video so you could see what i mean . http : m.youtube.com watch ? v=d5zeiar4lja 
yes , it will absolutely stick to your fiberglass tub ... 
6 and 6 '' each but they did not stick in my textured tub . just a warning . 
no they cant 
the kitty fits in the palm of ur hand ; ) just enough to fit on a cupcake 
it needs 15-25 working days to arrive . 
hello , your order will be send after the weekend , and it generally takes about 7 to 15 days from china to australia . holiday season will maybe longer than this . regards , seller : allforhome 
depends on what time you order and who you order from . my order took like a week , because it was coming from china . hope this helps you . 
the one that is just a face is about 5 or 6 cm or 2.4 '' , and the one thas is the entire body is aroun 7 cm or 2.8 '' 
usually it will takes about 10-15 business days to unites states 
the bread knife is serated only . 
it says , `` assorted colors '' in the title ... i would base it off of that . 
our knives are made of japanese steel that is forged in china . all assembly , packing , and shipping is done in the us . 
these are not made in japan , but are made of japanese steel . 
hi adrian , the height for just the toilet space is 34 '' and the width is a little less than 21 '' . hope this helps ! elyse 
cabinet is 7 1 4 inches deep , 69 1 4 inches high , 23 1 2 inches wide with a space of 20 inches wide for the toilet 
this is the only brown it comes in . it is a darker brown finish . 
no ... this unit is made for the restroom and conceals toiletries and maybe small home decor items . 
the charcoal filter is the filter that is for odors-air filter . it used to be that the blower was connected to a pipe that either with through the roof of into the attic . this was changed to use the air ( charcoal ) filter . the grease filter ( s ) is on the bottom of the microwave and is aluminum . these filters can be cleaned by placing on the top shelf of the dishwasher . 
yes , this fits the whirlpool microwave hood gmh5205 . regards , kitchen filters 
you have to tear off the shroud hood to get at it . there are something like 3 or 4 screws holding it together . that 's the hard part , but it is n't too difficult to hold it all with one hand while using a screw driver . slide the old filter out , slide the new one in . put the screws back in and you 're done . i think i did find a manual on the whirlpool web site that had a picture showing the location of the screws . good luck . 
my first one lasted about 5 years but it would probably depend on how much greasy cooking you do . 
yes . http : www.maytag.com - % 5bmmv5208ww % 5d-1101128 mmv5208ww the 8206230a is specified on the maytag website i included in my answer . 
i am not sure how i did it . but my notion is to have the grate on the opposite side of where the air flow comes from , to help retain the charcoal filter inside the frame , and not let it blow out . you should be able to start the fan with the housing off to determine the direction of flow . i do hope that helps , because i may be writing to you soon , as it is close to the time to replace my filter . 
not sure if you are talking about a pine tree . but what i do know the filters we got fit great and work just fine and did not fray . 
not sure , as i have a kitchenaid model . 
no idea . i would try calling the manufacturer , or at least comparing the three dimensions of your existing filter . 
yes but it 's hard to get the cupcakes in and out without messing up the frosting . 
yes , it does spin . 
i measured the base . the width is 9.75 inches . the length ( thickness ) is 5.5 inches . 
36inches 
36 inches 
probably about 24 '' is lowest and maybe 40 '' is highest . not a real tall pub table 
24 '' 
thanks for your question ! according to the product details this table is 36.64 inches tall . i hope this helps ! 
no issues with drawers gliding but size of dresser were much smaller than expected 
width at top ( top wood piece ) - 17.75 '' ( w ) x 15.5 '' ( d ) measurements at bottom -17 '' ( w ) x 14.5 '' ( d ) measurements at bottom w drawer - 17 '' ( w ) x 15.375 '' ( d ) source - i have this nightstand next to my ikea bed ... perfect match ( color & size ) hope this helps . 
10sf 
mdf 
i think it 's particle board with a laminate veneer over it . 
20.5in or 52cm 
dear customer : the dimension for this sectional sofa are : w : 94.88 inches d : 62.99 inches h : 32.28 inches please let me know if you need more help . regard ... home design hd customer service 
yvonne there is not any attachment between sofa and chaise.i was very disappointed ..ill give you one advice .be sure when your sofa be delivered you open package and check really well for any damage like scratches , dent in fabric , oil spot or any dent in wood frame of side and back of sofa before you sign delivery approve . ! ! ! i have opene package i find damage as delivery company witnesses ! ! ! if that will happen describe all damage on delivery approval before you sign ! ! ! good luck.trust me was lot hassle with store . 
dear ernesto , vacuum regularly . wipe clean with a damp cloth or shampoo using appropriate upholstery shampoo . let me know if you have any other question . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
dear allison , this model is available in dark gray ( exclusive modern furniture edition # 61 : bennetti modern sectional sofa ferrara dark gray ) and black bonded leather ( pictures not available ) let me know if you have any other question . regards ... claudia cudicini customer service home design hd 
hi . unfortunately , by now , we only have the bennetti modern sectional sofa ferrara in dark grey . thanks for your question and please do not hesitate in asking for any of our products . regards . 
very dark brown 
the dimensions are provided in the product details , right on the product 's page . i 'll copy them for you : product dimensions : 47.2 x 54.5 x 11.8 inches ; 86 pounds 
mine is on hardwood . not sure- the base is wide , but the support boards are thin . 
not really ... no . the shelves are not tall enough for the albums to fit upright . of course you could stack albums on there , but i would not want to store my albums on their sides ( and the albums are a little wider than the shelves are deep ) . hope this helps . for what it 's worth , i do n't think the weight would be a problem ... the shelves are very strudy . 
sure , with proper surface preparation painting would certainly be feasible . 
it does ... ... ... .two decorative full size pillow cases and one decorative small pillow with white background and teal embroidery on it . i believe the front has a bird ... .very lovely . 
this picture is a bit deceptive in that regard . i use a white complementary dust ruffle . otherwise , it is a bit short alone for my taste . hope this helps . 
not sure what `` tumblr '' means ? but i think it would look very nice with some age appropriate dcor pillows ? ? 
fancy looking pillow cases ( the two blue pillow cases in the picture ) 
it 's a little lighter than the tiffany blue . 
no its like a light blue . is very pretty to just not quite the color in the picture . 
the comforter is not heavy at all . it has an airy feel to it but still heavy enough to work through the winter 
2 - 1 cup round 3.5 inch x 1.75 inch , 2 - 4 cup round 5.6 inch x 2.5 inch , 2 - 4 cup square 5.8 inch x 5.8 inch x 2.2 inch , 2 - 2 cup rectangle 6 inch x 4 inch x 1.5 inch and 1 - 6 cup 8 inch x 6 inch x 2 inch . 
i copied this information from their website : world kitchen , llc promises to replace any pyrex glass product that breaks from oven heat , and any pyrex non-glass accessory item with a manufacturing defect , within two years from the date of purchase . the owner must follow the safety and usage instructions provided with the product . please contact our consumer care center for warranty claims . keep the product . you may be asked to return it . incidental and consequential damages are expressly excluded from these warranties . some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation on incidental or consequential damages , so the foregoing limitation or exclusion may not apply to you . 
directions that came with the set : ( bought jan 2015 ) to write on : use a soft tip non-toxic permanent marker or a soft tip wet erase marker . writing should be contained to the `` write here '' area and marking on the textured areas should be avoided . you will not be able to remove the ink if it is on the texture area . to remove markings : wet erase marker-simply wash the lid by hand or in the dishwasher . permanent marker-gently rub off using a soft dry dish cloth , paper towel or tissue . should the ink become hard to remove , you can use a few drops of isopropyl alcohol to remove writing . 
negative ghost-rider ... no . 
i never put anything plastic in a microwave . you can remove the top and cover with a paper plate or paper towel to reheat . 
the instructions that came with the set ( bought mine at costco ) say `` do not use on or under a flame or other direct heat source , including on a stovetop , under a broiler , on a grill or in a toaster oven . '' it also mentions that they are oven safe to 450 degrees f ( 232.2 degrees c ) 
according to the instructions you are not suppose to put it in the oven from the freezer . they say use a gradual temperature change . i have not tried to put it in the oven from the freezer because of past experince with pyrex that did crack when i put it in the oven . 
no . they say lifetime but tere was nothing in the box , no registration , and the unit does n't have a serial number . look at a different set . i have had them 4 months and 2 months in , 2 had stains and the other day the tip ( about 1 4 '' ) broke off the paring knife . 
no 
the sticker on the bottom says made in china . 
i opened the package and checked very well and i 'm sorry to say no there is not a sharpener . 
the steak knives have serrated edges . 
that is a picture of it flattened . it expands from top to bottom from the way it looks in that picture and the black pieces are rubber that keep the rack from sliding and from bottles sliding within the rack . it is a space saver . holds 6 bottles nicely . 
yes 
works great , keep the corks from getting dry 
no i would n't mount under a cabinet . it 's more for on top of a counter or shelf . 
it has a little bit of flex , so it can `` stretch '' a little to squeeze in a few champagne bottles among the wine bottles , but i do n't think that you could load up all six spots with the larger bottles . 
no , too small for champagne bottles . not so great for wine bottles , either , in my opinion , despite positive reviews . 
given the quality of those chairs , i highly doubt there is any warranty ! 
light tan 
dear customer , this chair is approximately 28 inches from the floor to the seat area with extension legs . thank you . 
the price is for one single chair . thanks . 
the chair is advised for home use and with a weight capacity of around 200 lbs . however , there are still customer which is more than the weight capacity that uses the chair with no problem . thank you . 
as long as it is not outside in the rain 
the 43inch is the maximum height of the chair measured to the back of the chair . please note that 43 inch height is the adjusted bar height . if the chair is switched to counter height , the total height will not be 43 inch . 
it comes assembled . all you have to do is put the potato on top of that metal grate and push down with all your strength using the other plastic piece . just like you see on the advertisement . i personally hated it and ended up in the trash . 
i found this product at cvs and i did the same thing . i put half an onion in and it is stuck . i am going to return it as is ! do not buy this product ! 
honestly no unless ur potato . is perfect shape works good but if . bent or has a `` u '' shape then it gets stuck -.- 
it 's only the one size ... approximately 3 8 '' ( measures actual 0.4 '' ) . 
i would say no , but i have no idea , truthfully . do n't waste your money on that piece of crap ! 
no their not , this mixer broke during the very first use ! the motor gears broke , i only had a little soften butter and a little sugar in the bowl when i went from low speed to med speed it suddenly went to high speed and would not come out of high speed . i would not buy this . tried to return but the company wouldnt take it back because it had been 3 months . but it was a gift and i didnt get it for that long after it was bought . go with a kitchen aid . 
the beater rotates around in a circle , i guess meaning it has `` planetary action . '' also , it does n't actually touch the bottom , so you will need to use a spoon to mix up the very bottom of the batter . and mine is holding up just fine ! 
i 'm not sure , but i think it 's made in china . i will tell you that i use mine at least once a week , even more , and i load that thing to almost overflowing . it works wonderfully . i have had no problems at all with it , and i 'm baking for my family of 7 ( or more if there 's company coming ) . 
i do n't know . did n't pay attention . can tell you they 're very comfortable and i fell asleep with my granddaughter , on her bed , and no wrinkles on my face when i woke . 
no it 's just the sheet set . the quilt is seperate . 
dimensions for angel loveseat : overall dimension : 60 '' l x 35 '' w x 38 '' h seat height : 21 '' seat depth : 21 '' 
yes it took less than a hour 
they are wood blocks that screw into the base of it . 
yes , it is firm , yet very comfortable . if assembled according to directions it is a very sturdy and attractive piece of furniture . enjoy ! 
yes , they are upholstered on both sides and can be reversed . 
came in two boxes i believe each box weighed about 40 lbs 
bob , i noticed that amazon.com has this love seat at $ 329.00 which is considerably less than myself . they are in violation of the map policy from sofab , the manufacturer , and i do not have any control on what other sellers sell this love seat for . i do know that sofab will have amazon correct the pricing due this breach in pricing or revoke their privilege as a seller . 
i believe 350lbs ... very solid construction..made of solid wood frame and is very sturdy when sitting on it . great little couch . 
there is no guard for the blade , just dial it down to a level position . i 've had no problem , no cuts . i store it on it 's side in an upper cabinet so there 's no chance the kids will grab it . i think it 's a great tool for the kitchen and i still recommend it . 
no it does not , however it has two different settings for frech fries -- - regular and thin ( skinny ) ! 
yes my husband uses this to cut all types of veggies . 
no , but it is easy to clean and sharp so be careful . i popped mine into the dishwasher and it cleaned up very well . 
i found it easier to hand cut than use it . definitely not fries but it handles cheese well . 
maybe in the shape of chips but not typical french fry cut 
no 
you can adjust the thickness , love this mandolin it has saved me a lot of time and fingers . 
it 's a very light beige . had it for a while ... ..not very comfortable . feel like i 'm sliding off all the time 
here are all the current dimensions i have on this chair . please let me know if you need additional information . overall dimensions : 34 '' l x 35 '' w x 36.5 '' h seat height : 21 '' seat depth : 22 '' packed dimensions : 33 '' x 30 '' x 18 '' 
it also comes in chocolate . 
no , the chair comes in one box and needs to be assembled . there is a video to aid in assembly on the sofab site . please let us know if we can help in any other way . 
it 's a polyester blend . 
here are all the dimensions i have for that chair . dimensions for coco chair : overall dimensions : 34 '' l x 35 '' w x 36.5 '' h seat height : 21 '' seat depth : 22 '' packed dimensions : 33 '' x 30 '' x 18 '' 
plastic , if you want a `` humidifier '' dont buy this.. i brought this because of `` aroma theraphy '' and with that it serves its purpose ( but only for 10mins ) until it became defective ... still waiting for sellers response 
a lot larger than an air freshener . i would say the size of a small-medium fish bowl . 
it 's not to big but not to small . i would say it 's about 6 1 2 in tall 8 ins wide . i love love love mine ! 
in a very small room it serves as a humidifier . just do not put any fragrance in it . 
no 
its 110 ... and its not a humidifier like it says . it swirls water . 
no just water . but i do n't recommend this product . it just swirls ... not much action . purifier its not . 
if you google `` fermentation recipes '' you 'll find lots , and you can qualify it with `` vegetable , '' `` fruit , '' `` grain '' etc . depending on what you what to ferment . or you can go to culturesforhealth.com , sign up for their free newsletter , ebooks , etc . and get a complete education on all kinds of fermentation . 
wide mouth lids fit all wide mouth jars standard containers which fit only standard lead containers 
i have only made quarts and 1 2 gallons . .t is a wide mouth top , . it does work great . you can start eating as soon as the bubbles stop . no smell in the house . shred the cabbage , mix in the required salt in bowl before putting in jar . i use a empty pudding cup under the top to hold down the cabbage , . the 1 2 gallon jar had to sit longer but still came out great . good luck . 
all parts were supplied . 
leave a headspace of at least 1 '' to prevent overflow . leave extra headspace , up to 2 '' for very active ferments like sugary beets or when the weather is really warm . 
2 settings low and high . works well . kp 
correct , i tiled behind mine . 
back bottom of remote is a release tab to pull out battery holder . just pull out , replace battery and slide back in . battery should have last for years . i have to be directly over my unit for remote to work . 
the led flame is adjustable with no flame larger than nine inches . 
marleen , the specs reference the motor as 600 watts . thank you , prime time solutions 
probably , its got strong suction while it works , but it stops running after about 5 minutes . i do not recommend it just as others dont in the reviews . dont waste your money . 
unfortunately , china . 
the electricity just plain quit . and i had to wait for the vac to cool down before it would run again . it works for short periods of time , but not for doing a big project . 
it does have a filter . washable . 
very . just open , empty the collection cup , brush off the filter & snap back in place . 
the answer is yes , with one inch plus of clearance so they are easy to remove . i have 8 of these . they also hold regular cans of stewed tomatoes , soup , etc . they are very sturdy , easy to assemble and they are n't tippy at all . hope this helps . 
hi , the two top trays are 10 inches . the ball-bearing rotating base is about 7 inches . ( ca n't get to it to actually put a measuring tape on it . ) but it is small enough that any heavier items must be `` arranged '' to keep it from tilting to the bottom tray enough that it touches the table and does not rotate . hope this helps . 
approximately six inches . 
can not be sure , but i would feel comfortable with up to 20 pounds if somewhat evenly distributed . 
yes , dale , even the supporter rods on mine are made of stainless . it 's really a great product ! 
my shelf is 10 1 2 '' it gives me a 5 '' and a 4 1 2 '' space and i put mine in the corner of my shelf so that i can turn it and get what i want even if it is clear in the back of the shelf . very handy 
i have approximately 40 spice jars in various sizes between the two tiers . it does n't look that big , but you 'll be amazed at how much you can fit on it . 
it comes in a box packaging , and that box has a bar code box printed on it , and just above the bar code it states `` ssls-12-2293 made in china '' 
yes , washes up nicely . 
yes , one side gives you a cooler feeling ; theothr gives you a warer feeling . 
it is a gray micro swayed on one side and a stretch nylon on the other side . i do not care for this pillow at all , when you put your head down on it , all the beads spread and you are just lying on material ; you have to bunch the micro beads up together . it is also too large around in the middle for me , but i am a very small person . 
no , you would have to tear out the stitching . 
yes they are washable , but you can not but them in the dryer . 
yes , we `` practiced '' in a recliner with them for our flight : ) 
i do not know if manfacturor recommends it or not but i wash mine on gentle . i would sure hate for all those little beads to get in my washer . i put it in dryer for a few minutes and then air dry . so far the results have been fine . 
it reclines almost completely flat , but can stop anywhere from straight up to lying back flat . it 's very comfortable . 
no . most of the electric reclyners do not seem to . great chair for the price . just not as plush as the non electric ones . 
we leave ours on , except when we leave for several days or more . the reason we do this is because the first chair that we received started opening and closing on its own . amazon replaced it , but i would n't want one to start that in our absence . 
about two inches . when the chair goes into recline mode the seat and back move forward so there is almost no change in the seat back position relative to the wall . 
i am also 6 5 and i fit in it fine . my only complaint is that its a little stiff ... but i probably need to break it in . hope that helps 
i 've had 8 at a time but , i guess it depends on how big your guests are : ) 
i honestly do n't know but , i do n't think so . my wife bought scotch guard and we used it the same day it arrived . 
all filters are washable . i highly recommend this sweeper . its awesome . 
mine worked for 6 years until motor gave out . i used it a lot and it had great pick up power especially for cat hair and litter pieces in carpet . it was a great vacuum for the $ 45 i spent on it . 
yes- it works pretty good on bare floors on that setting . 
it comes with a brush attachment . 
i had to look at that very carefully and line up the little notches , then twist it hard . it did n't work the first five times i tried . that 's when i had to look at it closely . 
4-5 days 
the bird house , the bird and a ring to put your keys . that 's it . the color of the bird is ... random ! think about this before , i got one of the colors that i wanted so ... perfect ! 
product dimensions : 14 x 2.75 x 21 inches ; 7 pounds 
they are all put on with screws , so i would assume they are removable . it is a beautiful box , and the price was amazing . 
i have no idea , however i think it probably does not have a gap . there is plenty of room for a discharge and flag ... a certificate and burial flag , i have a certificate from black hawk , with chopper flag and pictures of crew with challenge coin ... this is a large box . i love it . 
i 'm not sure . it 's good for any flat bread . the machine flattens and cooks it . if there 's a filling , it 's best to add it afterwards . otherwise it will spill out when push down on the machine . 
of course . it is actually better for re-heating than for making them . i do n't think it is a great appliance for preparation . 
yes , it has nonstick surface on the inside . i am guessing you want to make rotis . i usually press for the flat round rotis and transfer them to a tava . because it does not puff up like you want the rotis to . 
you apply the pressure with the handle . for instance , too much pressure will pulverize a corn tortilla . 
yes it does 
yes i think so , its comfortable and weighs about 5 1 2 pounds , the 3inch thick mattress really smoothens out what ever your laying it on . the material is n't that strong for outdoor use like laying it on the ground outside . but if you put it on a queen size cot it works great for camping . if your hiking and carrying it on your back its kinda big and bulky but if your driving to your camp site its perfect . 
there is enough room for two people but it 's short . when we use it the pillows go to the floor . 
you ca n't actually fold it bilaterally too well . to fold something , you need a seam along the folded edge to allow it . if you tried to fold this mattress down the center , it would resist and even unfold itself . the thick padding is thick for comfort 's sake , but it also resists . so it would create a rounded bulbous spine , which i 'm sure is uncomfortable to sleep on . maybe if you did it abunch of times , it would shift the filler material away from the spine , and it would work ? that 's possible . 
same width and probably about 1-2 feet in diameter depending how tightly you roll it up . 
good question . how do you clean a regular mattress ? i brush and sun mine , and since it does n't require anything else , i do n't vacuum it . 
purely wooden . no coating over them . 
i do n't have an answer to either of ypur questions , but i can say that i gave them as part of a collection of kitchen items to a c0lleague and she tells me that they serving her well . 
yes , china . 
mine were 100 % polyester according to the tag on the sheets . 
i imagine it will- granted i ordered a queen , but the pockets are very deep and should fit an xl twin ( for the twin size listing ) . 
hi , i 'm not sure when the seller will have anymore mugs . i bought the mug for $ 26.99 which included tax and shipping . i think it was around $ 20- $ 23 without shipping 
12-16oz i believe , i gave it as a gift last year to a photographer friend and she loves it 
i searched the package and the sheet itself but ca n't find what material is . but it 's very , very soft ( but not slippery , like silk ) . excellent quality . 
they are made in china . 
i checked the sheets and the shipping information , no where does it state a thread count . my advice is , buy something else . the elastic broke after a very few washings . 
yes ! my mattress is very thick also and they fit perfectly fine , not overly stretched and not too loose . 
unsure about the aqua . the grey was exactly as pictures and quite lovely . 
there is a listing for just pillow cases , both in king and standard sizes . here 's a link to our store - 
they are clara clark sheets . 
yes . you need to purchase the attachment , about $ 12.00 . set the lid on the jar top . a cap goes over that and a tube is inserted into the hole on the cap and connected to the hole on the top , right side , of the seal-a-meal . then you just proceed as if you are sealing a bag . this attachment works great . we use it more than the bags and you can re-use the lids indefinitely . great if you buy volume coffee . we keep dried fruit , grains , etc . 
yes . if you only want to seal a bag , for example if you cut from a roll and need to seal the end , just put the cut end on the heating plates and do n't put any excess into the vacuum chamber . when you put only the end on the plates and close the lid it will seal only . 
yes it did 
all of our products that are sold in the united states and canada are manufactured and ul approved for 110-120 voltage . we do not recommend the use of a converter , transformer or other electronic device with our product . converting the electricity may compromise the functionality of the product . 
i suppose , if you wash them really well . 
i have even gotten the ziplock hand pump bags to work with this thing . as long as it 's the right material , it will work . 
yes , it did come with a tube for a jar vacuum . 
i would say about 5 lbs . it is light weight . everyone who has slept on it says it is so comfy 
xl is a few inches longer . most college dorm beds are twin xl 
i 'm not sure . i do n't have the packaging anymore and do n't remember reading anything about that when i got it . sorry . 
i bought this . i do n't know what the density means , but i can tell you this is a thick , cushy , comfortable , heavy mattress topper . 
5-6 people depending on how close you want to sit and if the chaise is used for sitting 
no they are not . they do n't move around much , even with two dogs , a small child and a husband but i 'm considering buying velcro tape to to keep them completely secure . 
outside 6 5 8 '' x 3 1 2 '' outside height when closed : 4 1 2 '' the sides are slightly sloped . bottom of box inside depth is 3 '' at the front and 3 1 2 '' at the back . the lid : 1 1 4 '' deep in front and 5 8 '' deep in back the base of the bottom of the box and the lid measure 6 1 8 '' x 3 1 8 '' all of these measurements could be off very slightly on each box . 
300+ 
yes 
hi , i 'm sorry our amazon store is not set up to ship international orders . it is a pleasure being able to help you with your crafting needs . we value your business and look forward to filling your next order . as always , if you have any comments , questions , or concerns , do n't hesitate to contact us ! have a great day ! heather customer service 
yes 
a little bigger then a standard index card . sorry i ca n't be more helpful . 
there should be a picture showing the specs online . but between the drawers and the shelves of the desk there 's about 27-29 '' , enough space for your chair , that 's it . and the depth is about 21 1 2 '' . 
i currently have a laptop and another flat screen monitor on it and there is an okay workable amount of space on the main part of the desk . depending on the size of your keyboard , you will have a fair amount of space on the left side and then have the entire right side of the desk . 
there is very little `` back '' to the desk , given that it is mostly open . but , yes , all sides are finished so you can position it anyway in your room . 
no 
yes - i have it arranged the opposite way . a day or so before you setup , do a full inspection of all of the pieces - it will be time consuming , but will give you time to request replacements . two of the very large pieces on mine were cracked ( one is on the top surface ) . it really takes away from the value of this desk , but not much you can do once in the heat of putting the monster together . it would be very difficult to take apart to replace , if you waited for them to send a replacement . 
it 's reassuringly heavy and sturdy - weighing in at 11.5 lbs 
yes 
we do not make peanut butter . if i were you i would google that question . do n't forget to put the name of this food processer . 
i really do not know because i bought a bread maker for that . i do know that it has a lot of power . professionals use this machine . you can 'googol ' this question . that is what my husband does before we buy anything . he looks at the reviews . 
yes . 
if you mean free as in if you can remove the bowl , answer is yes you can . if you mean free as in if it is not held tight when mixing will in uses , answer is no it is held tight while you are mixing something . i hope that this is the answer you were looking for . 
a quick google search shows that 80ml is just under 3 oz . the cup is small . 
no it does n't . it 's a solid blown piece . i 've had them for several months , and they are holding up very well , easy to clean , and just perfect for tea . 
no , it is made for hot tea to be drunk from it . now if you go to extremes boiling hot to super cold or vice-versa most any glass will break . 
hi jesse , there are no logos or lettering on the glass at all . it 's a very classy design that attracts comments and looks . 
no , this has just a cooling element . 
yes . it works well . 
the chill rod does seal the bottle and allows you to pour wine without spilling . not sure what you mean by `` uncrackable , unbreakable . '' it works pretty much as advertised - keeps the wine cool and allows you to pour . 
yes . i have my 50 inch television on it right now . 
i used it for a 33 '' flat screen tv ... i presume if there are universal mounting holes on the back of the 55 '' tv it would work but you have to check the maximum weight rating from the seller ; the bracket must be installed on beams ( i used lag bolts which may have been overcompensating , but it is very secure ) . my advice is to contact the seller for the max weight recommendation . 
there is enough room on the top shelf for the sound bar , i 'm not sure about the center channel speaker . the bottom shelf will hold your cable box . 
yes should not be a problem . 
no 
no 
i always put them in the dishwasher ... . i put the lids in the silverware container . of course i put the bottles on the top rack , and everything has been fine . we have had them for quite a while and i washed them a lot . 
i grabbed one , poured water in it to the neckline and then measured - i would say you can get between 1 1 4 - 1 1 3 cup of liquid in them . they are a great lunch box size , rather than the larger ones and the white base for storage is great ! 
my classic plus was 275 watts . 
the model number is ksm 75 er 
if you go to kitchenaid you can see the attachments . prattle , whisk , dough hook . kitchenaid has the pouring lid with there 's , for 20.00 dollars more i think it 's well worth it 
the model number is ksm 75 er 
i use my kitchen-aid for mashed potatoes all the time . they come out excellent ! 
yes the bowl shown is the bowl that comes with it 
nope 
1 year limeted 
5.25 '' square shape by 3.5 '' high deep 
it says on the front picture- 40 ounces . that 's 5 cups . 
no , but it fits nicely against the back go your neck . 
there should be no problem using it while sitted on a recliner . i just could n't use it because it 's too bulky for my petite frame . i wanted to return them but i did n't want to deal with the returning issues . dr. antonio 
i do n't have the pillow in front of me but ... about 12 '' long , 7.5 '' high & ~ 2-4 '' wide . i 'm really happy with the pillow . i have arthritis in my neck & the pillow pretty much supports my neck and keeps me in a face up position so i do n't aggravate the arthritis . 
light beige 
same size . i thought this was an awful product . do n't buy it . 
yes but this pillow is so awfully uncomfortable 
about 14 inches ... . 
it holds one cup , or 8oz . 
they are about 3x3 and 2 '' deep 
yes 
i 'm not sure , but it 's bpa free plastic and they 've been working really well for me . large containers ! 
yes it is . i am just more careful with snaps when the container is removed from the freezer . 
yes it does . i find that it seals very well too . i have n't had any spillage in my lunch box like i do with gladware for example . 
lids are a bpa plastic . the bottoms only are glass . 
i currently have mine on a storage foundation from ikea that uses slats . as long as the slats are n't far apart on the platform bed , this mattress should be fine . 
yes . it can . 
i am sure it could . 
it 's also natural , just a different way of making it . if wikipedia is right , it 's more natural.http : en.m.wikipedia.org wiki talalay_process # section_1 
not this particular one , but a similar one , model 414061. it has a faux slate lower shelf and the doors attach either side . 
the inside is 18.375 inches tall and 17.875 inches wide . the outside closed portion is 19.75 inches tall and 19.125 inches wide . 
for the price we think so- we are pretty happy wth this 
its not cardboard like some are its a thin fiber board or masonite 
not really pressboard with veneer . 
i do n't think it can be painted with minwax . although the exterior is very good quality , after looking at it , i do n't think it would absorb minwax the way regular wood does . sorry . 
no 
it 's 6 '' . very nice piece . 
just the cover , bedskirt and 3 pillow shams ; linens only 
no , there are 3 shams , and the cover is one piece , no dust ruffle . the cover does have split sides with a matching piece under the split so it will fit more loosely on the corners , rather than pull . on my daybed with a trundle , the cover falls to about 3 1 2 inches from the floor . it does cover the trundle pretty well , but the cover does n't touch the floor 
i havent washed it yet ... .in a spare bedroom and does n't get used . it should be washable , just like any other comforter quilt . 
yes the cover reaches the floor on three sides ( the back is shorter of course ) . 
the skirt is 19 inches . mine is on a trundle day bed and it fits beautifuly . it is a very attractive cover 
part of the cover 
yes , the third is ruffled . 
hello michele , i would be glad to answer your question . the x01-ctc does support the reverse osmosis upgrade ( ro ) . thank you , bottleless direct customer care 
hello michele , i would be glad to answer your question . the height from the spigot to the platform is about 7 inches . the height from the spigot to the countertop is about 11 inches . thank you , bottleless direct customer care 
hi matthew . yes - it hooks up right to the water that 's already in your home or office . it comes with the installation kit and instructions . you can see more on our company website . thanks . 
yes , it is . 
probably not 
approximately 500 btu 's 
it is designed to wire on the right side only . it may be possible to modify the left side where the power switch is located but i believe that would probably void the warranty . 
i think the same as listed , but measured to be sure : 32 '' tall ; 23 1 4 wide ; 4 3 4 deep , installed . we love the thing -- only wish ours had an autoshutoff as we need to remember to shut the thing off . 
approximately 15 minutes . 
if something is sterile it has been treated , usually boiled , to kill microbes etc . one of the points of enjoying foods like kombucha , kimchi , yogurt , kefir , even blue cheese is that these are live foods . kombucha is covered with cheese cloth while fermenting ; the yeast and other airborne microbes pass right through . the scoby provides the starter medium for the organisms that eat the sugar during fermentation . consuming foods like these help restore the balance of our natural intestinal flora which do the actual job of breaking down the nutritional elements in foods making them available to pass through the intestinal wall into the circulatory system . it 's thought that many of our foods exposed to pesticides-herbicides , raised with antibiotics , treated with preservatives act as biome disrupters . so , no the scoby is probably not sterile ; but like the agar in a petri dish it provides the growing medium for the beneficial flora we want to consume . i have n't read anything where someone has actually cultured and tried to identify what 's in kombucha . that would be interesting . any microbiologists out there ? i have read that just one of the species we support-bifidobacillus-can be between 10 to the 9th and 10 to the 12th individuals per linear inch of gut . so there 's alot of happy little bugs in there . enjoy ! 
no 
yes . i cut mine in half with scissors to give a piece to a friend . worked great . 
it fits a standard size half sheet pan ( 18 '' x 13 '' ) . 
usa 
not so hard . first , remove the clear plastic surround . then , look closely at the black plastic blade shroud . this shroud has a small flange around its bottom that is held in place by two 1 '' long curved plastic protuberances from the sides that hold it in place . wiggle it and see . these are under the protuberances that hold the clear surround you 've already removed . pinch the shroud until it springs free and remove it being careful not to cut yourself as the blade is now exposed . it seems to pinch better when turned in some positions than in others . when it comes free , remove it . wash away . be sure to remember how the black surround came out as you will have to get it aligned over the blade and under the protuberances when you reassemble it . 
three inches round 
yes , you can take it apart for easy clean -up . 
yes , mine does n't even have the bottom lid thing . this is one of my favorite kitchen devices . 
this item ships freight and arrives 7-10 business days from ship date . they will contact you to schedule the delivery . for standard delivery , they will cross one threshold . for standard plus they will bring into room of choice and unpackage the item . it comes fully assembled . 
short answer is 56 '' leg to outside leg . great piece wish the shelves were adjustable . 
almost any size dougsfurniturebarn ny 
for aesthetic reasons i would not use a television larger than 58 inches wide . the stand is solid wood and will hold any tv you choose . i have a 65in samsung which is the same width as the stand . 
not very much , i was able to hang it with small nails . no sinker needed . 
i ordered this painting and i 'd caution you . while i fully anticipated the red on white background , it came with the red on cream tan black background . not at all what i was expecting . however ... .it fit well with my decor . so be prepared to receive something a bit different since these are one of a kind paintings . they definitely are hand painted . i would n't say they are 3d but if you are asking about the leaves feeling like they extend off the page , then yes - the acryllic paint is often thick and protrudes a bit . hope this helps . 
background is two tones of beige and brown . tree trunk is black . 
one size only . thanks 
i am sorry but the paintings ca n't be customized 
i am not sure why your screen shows $ 32 . mine shows $ 54 but i currently have it listed for $ 59 
unfortunately i am unable to customize the paintings with different colors sorry . 
i weigh about 225 and it supports me fine . i know that 's another 100lbs but its a good foam and its never very hot . 
when i first opened it , slightly ... but significantly less so than any other high-density foam mattress topper i 've owned ( we 're at 4+ ) . after a day or so , there 's no smell . 
i am sorry i do not know . we did not have an issue but can you call the manufacturer and ask ? i do not have any paperwork for mine . 
thanks for your question , as this mattress is sold and fulfilled by amazon it is covered by our 30 day return policy . you can read more here : 
1 3 4 '' in diameter and 1 '' tall . the heart , big leaf and three leaves are a little wider , maybe 2 '' . i made lotion bars with mine . i was very happy with the mold , it held the details and released well . 
they are rather small but very cute . i use them to make soap gifts , and because they 're small , i end up giving three soaps to each person . i 'd say they 're about the size of a small cutie orange . 
not in the oven these are essentially molds . if you want to pour chocolate and let cool that would be the closest to baking you can get 
this mold was a gift to go with a soap making kit . it makes really cute soaps , but i can not say what the weight of each bar was . 
ship from china 
cotton , i love it ! 
kind of aqua . if you get a paint chip of benjamin moore 's tide water , it matches that . 
i would guess that they 're comparable . this one is $ 5 less expensive though . i can tell you i use my prochef multiple times a day and am very happy with the quality for the price . i 've had $ 30 scales in the past that have gone glitchy quickly with my excessive use . 
it can give you the weight of your package or envelope . 
not necessary . comes pre-calibrated . you get to pick between 4 weights : g , kg , oz , and one other that i ca n't remember ( but description lists them all ) . 
i do n't know , but i would be careful ordering . loveseat was pulled from sales after i got half a loveseat twice . manufacturer has serious quality control issues 
not yet -- -- -we have had it since last fall ( 2013 ) including fairly rough treatment cats and a medium size dog . we may not be the most discriminating customer , but it is still in good shape , has garnered general admiration , and was not very expensive . 
no . i have had it for six months and there is no peeling . 
this love seat is very light , maybe 50-70 lbs . i 'm a small woman and can lift this sofa with no problem . 
it does not . 
no 
the shelves are . 
yes - the top has a small spot . 
no 
you have to put together the sides and top and bottom and install the door . took me maybe 2 hours by myself . 
yes it does 
there is n't really a stairway attachment - the stairway function of an extended hose is built-in to all dyson uprights . they call it their `` instant high reach wand '' . they normally include a combination crevice tool brush and a stair tool http : www.dyson.com parts s stair-tool dc41stairtool.aspx ? pid=dc41-irspu-exc . since these are part of the standard vacuum on all versions of the dc41 and physically store on it , and you can actually see it on the picture that shows the left side ( at the bottom of the crevice tool ) , i assume that they are included , unlike the mini turbine head which is an attachment that ships loosely , only with certain models and is never pictured or mentioned on this amazon page . 
apparently not , but we ca n't be sure as this listing is incomplete . what is confusing people is that on the dyson website there are two dc41 models listed - the dc41 animal and the dc41 animal complete . the animal includes the mini turbine head for cleaning pet hair from upholstery and the animal complete includes 4 other `` pet cleaning attachments '' . if you look at the colors , this one is a refurbished dc41 animal , not the complete , however , nowhere on the listing does it state that it includes the mini turbine head which would make it just a dc41 , which dyson does not market or sell . so , until amazon woot clearly let us know what attachments are or are not included , we have to assume that it is a dc41 animal that is missing the very important mini turbine head . 
a duplicate question , but here is the answer given to the first inquiry - apparently not , but we ca n't be sure as this listing is incomplete . what is confusing people is that on the dyson website there are two dc41 models currently listed - the dc41 animal and the dc41 animal complete ( the dc41 multi floor models are no longer listed ) . both versions of the animal include the mini turbine head for cleaning pet hair from upholstery and the animal complete includes 4 other `` pet cleaning attachments '' . if you look at the colors , this one is a refurbished dc41 animal , not the complete or the multi floor , however , nowhere on the listing does it state that it is an animal or that it includes the mini turbine head which would make it just a dc41 , which dyson does not market or sell . so , until amazon woot clearly let us know what attachments are or are not included , we have to assume that it is a dc41 animal that is missing the very important mini turbine head . 
apparently not , but we ca n't be sure as this listing is incomplete . what is confusing people is that on the dyson website there are two dc41 models listed - the dc41 animal and the dc41 animal complete . the animal includes the mini turbine head for cleaning pet hair from upholstery and the animal complete includes 4 other `` pet cleaning attachments '' . if you look at the colors , this one is a refurbished dc41 animal , not the complete , however , nowhere on the listing does it state that it includes the mini turbine head which would make it just a dc41 , which dyson does not market or sell . so , until amazon woot clearly let us know what attachments are or are not included , we have to assume that it is a dc41 animal that is missing the very important mini turbine head . 
according to the woot.com website , looks like all their stuff is 90 day warranty unless otherwise specified 
according to the woot.com website , looks like all their stuff is 90 day warranty unless otherwise specified 
unknown where it is made however it is a good quality pan 
8 inches to the top of the bowl 9.5 inches to the top of the handles 13 inches in diameter at the top 
yes ! i use mine on my induction cooktop exclusively . i 'm glad to have the opportunity to tell someone what a great product this is , especially considering the price . my husband used it yesterday and commented on the quality ; he was shocked ( in a good way ) when i told him what i 'd paid for it . he 's an engineer and very exacting about what he considers good quality . so it meets and exceeds my standards for cooking large quantities of food for canning , and it meets and exceeds his standards for quality and price . 
nope ! i ca n't really imagine cooking anything in it that would require one either . i use it to make jams and you generally do n't want to keep them covered . 
i do n't know . i did n't find it on the pan and i no longer have the box . sorry . 
8 quarts according to the markings on the small picture 
i use them for fondant ! but i am sure you can use them for chocolate i would say put the piece in the freezer for 15mins let it get cold then put the chocolate in . as well as after put them in the fridge so they get cold and u can pop them out easily . 
i 'm not sure about the clay but you can not bake anything in it 
brush the inside of the mold with shortening , fill the mold with fondant , then cut or pull away the excess and ensure the fondant is flush and flat with the back of the mold . ( you can put a little shortening on your fingers at this point to smooth the fondant ) pop it in the freezer for 5 minutes and then pop it out of the mold . 
i do n't know why they call it a tulip flower when it is actually a bow . buy yes it is very flexible . i use mine for air dry clay . ( but the bows are very fragile and need to dry in the mold , and then they will still crack if not handled carefully . took some practice not to break them . ) 
exterior dimensions : 14 '' h x 18.75 '' w x 17.75 '' d interior dimensions : 8.75 '' h x 14 '' w x 13 '' d cu . ft. : 0.92 there are three sets of rails for mounting three cookie sheets . when mounted on the rails , the bottom sheet is 1 '' above the bottom of the interior . the rails jut out 0.75 '' on either side . 
no it does n't . it 's small enough you do n't need it . 
this does not have a broil function unfortunately . it only works as a straight up convection oven with heated , circulating air . 
never cooked a pizza in it , but you can check the product dimensions and then figure out the size of pizza you will need to fit it . hope this helps . 
the available interior dimensions are 13-1 2 '' wide x 10 '' deep . this accommodates a standard 9 '' x12 '' baking dish . i 've had mixed results with baked goods . cornbread was quite dark on top and not done on the inside . i use my standard oven for baked breads and cakes . it 's a rocket on everything else . 
yes it will . but to be honest , you will get almost as much ground coffee outside of the container than in . for some weird-as-hell reason , the coffee ( no matter how coarse or finely ground ) spits out the back of the container and pools between the container and the machine housing . granted , we 're talking a 1 2-1 teaspoon each time -- but add that up over time , and you then realize just how much coffee is wasted . the static it creates is the problem . there is no such thing as 'anti static ' unless it 's glass -- this is plastic , and by the looks of things , will always be plastic . when you tap the lid to help release some of the grounds that have stuck to the underside of the lid back into the base before pouring them into your machine or whatever , instead of just falling into the remaining grounds , the errant grounds 'spit ' their fine dust out the cut-out of the container and fly wherever they feel they need to go . to say it 's messy is an understatement . to be honest , i 'd never buy another one of these products . 
yes . you can slide out the clear grind collection holder and rinse and air dry it . i generally just brush it out since it is in daily use . 
hi , the cord is approximately 18 '' . i really like this burr grinder and i bleive you will be happy with it too . 
compared to my 10 year old saeco grinder this one as essentially no static . the materials they have used for the container are apparently more conductive and the ground coffee stays in the container until you pour it out 
my unit is 4.5 '' wide at the back and 4.25 '' wide at the front on the bottom . front to back , it is 6.75 '' at the widest point on the bottom . both of the knobs project out 1 2 '' . the unit is 9 '' high . 
no , it is for the us voltage . 
yes 
i returned this item because it was broken upon delivery . i do not recommend this item from this seller . 
hi ivydream , the t42900 has an widespread oscillation feature , while the 2554 , this feature is optional , default configuration , does not have that feature . thanks , pcrush 
710 cfm . 
my son does n't really have anything to compare it to , unfortunately . he thought the `` egg crate '' side conformed to his body very well , and he did n't get overheated on this topper at all . he has been happy with it . 
not in a hide a bed but we purchased it for our rv and it fit perfectly and it is very comfortable in a flat bed . because of the thickness it may not work in a hide a bed that requires the bed to fold . 
60 inches in width x 76 inches in length 
no it does not-but it works well in our rv but you do have to air it out for a few days before putting it in - 
yep ; it 'll stay on until you unplug it . 
no 
not yet . 
the color is gray 
yes 
yes 
this works as a fan only in addition to a fan with heat . 
sorry as we 've tried our best to keep low price , there 's no further discount . 
no , hot water is not needed . i just put the thawing plate on the counter and place the meat on it . after some time , depending on what i am thawing , i turn the meat over . amazing how the plate works but it really does . 
it does n't matter , it does n't work . 1.5 hours to thaw a thin 7 oz chicken breast . 
it is 12 x 6 
you can google hawthorne electric fireplace and find specs on several other web sites 
i have a 65 '' on mine and it does just fine . i 've also had my 220 ' self standing on it , so i 'm sure it 'll support whatever you have . 
the holes are in the backs of the top shelfs . any electronics in the lower shelves need to be routed up to the top shelf or you will need to drill holes of your own . back of the unit is basically solid . 
no they are not . they have to attach to center part 
the width is 18.5 '' of the top middle section the length is 36.5 '' i love mine 
no 
hello . my name is alice and i am the social media coordinator for hearthware , makers of the nuwave pic . with its ability to accommodate up to a 50-pound weight load on the cooktop surface , the nuwave pic is ideal for those who enjoy canning . also , as the pic may be plugged into any standard electrical outlet , many canners find it convenient to use the appliance outdoors when preparing fruits , vegetables and other foods for seasonal storage . please feel free to contact us at facebook @ hearthware.com if you have any questions . we 're glad to help . 
it comes with dvd and instructions recipes book only ... .no carrying-case . 
sorry i really never thought about a warranty for the little i paid for it . things mostly fail the first hour or two and then you could send it back or myers sells them just swap em out in the box and take back to the store . both mine work great and the seller even thru in a traveling case so i can took it camping . hope the little info i had helps you . 
i love this little machine , but it is small . i have done napkins and small tablecloths . i think sheets would be difficult . 
it works great ! it 's also a nice small size to store anywhere.. hope this helps 
instructions only say household use only ! 
no 
on shirts it does and very good but on pants it takes a little while to get the line hope this helps man 
it gets pretty hot . you have to be careful with more delicate fabrics , but this is a very nice steamer . as far as using it without steam , i really do n't think so . 
the ironing pad is 20 '' x 8 '' just like the description . the handle is 3 '' longer , and the back hinge is 6 '' longer . works great . 
it uses standard amount of wattage standard wall plug 
no gray , it is all taupe . 
it'sjust a regular cotton comforter the design you see is part of the material , not embroided on.yes it is comfortable but do n't expect it to look like the picture , it looks nothing like the picture 
i bought this about six months ago or so ( king size ) , and the pillow shams and top blanket coverlet is totally washable . i 've washed mine a few times in my he washer and dried it in my gas dryer . i do n't have a clothes line to put it on , but it dries nicely in the dryer . 
looks like particle board covered with wood contact tape . 
great unit for the price . be aware that the uv bulb has a life span , they all do . you can get a replacement at www.replacementlightbulbs.com # g4t5 for 3.50 . 
hi , the only reason it indicated not to is because some people do n't like the smell of ozone it produces , or some has allergic reaction to it . but if you are ok with that , you can do so . 
i did have to send this item back . it just did not do a good job . 2 filters could be washed , but not the hepa filter . it can be vacuumed . i did order a sky ionic air purifier and it works fine , so far . 
i use tap water however i have a water softener system and it works fine . the protek should n't be a problem . 
hard water will cost the powdery film so using distilled water will help however ; if you are running it continually 24 7 this could be a bit expensive . this is my 2nd bionair cool mist humidifier and i have n't notice the film as much using this one as i did the previous humidifier . even then , while we did notice a bit of white powder on some objects it was not that much to cause us any concern . a humidifier with a filter should eliminate the problem . 
the one i owned , returned and reviewed was purchased at costco in the us and was 120v ac only-possible they do make a 220v model for export ... 
it is silent . whereas other 's make some noise . plus , you get a fog type mist out of it . it really is so much better . 
yes , it will open plastic jars . 
as long as the cap fits where it turns to open the jar size does n't matter . 
it works on every jar . it is fantastic . i have r.a. and it is particularly bad in my wrists . i could not open jars without it . 
3 1 2 '' it works great if you need it . 
hi nickolas , it opens 1.2 inch to 3.5 inch diameter lids . 
we are sure that the painting provided by santin art is strethed and framed , ready to hang 
no never received it 
i can do that ... a normal price would be 75 each plus an average packaging & shipping of $ 45 each . also with insurance coverage included . you can also get me 4 pix 8fifty-sixtynine6 seventy-nine & sixty ate ... . what colors were you interested in ? dark ? light ? dominant color in black , white , lite browns , beige , med brown , dark brown , ... also , do you want them to match or be close in color ? thanks ; jt 
hi ; the size of the main picture is 20 x20 '' ... . i also have the white marble in a 15 x 27 '' 
each panel is 17.5 inches wide , total width with hinges , approximately 4 feet 5 inches . 
thank you for your interest in this item . the dimensions are 52.44 in x 0.79 in x 70 in . if there is anything further we can assist you with please let us know . 
no they do not they are pump action 
it 's acrylic . obviously of good quality since it has n't etched or marked since we got ours a long while ago . 
hello , you placed this order from grind gourmet who is not an authorized seller of epar products . this seller is no longer listed as an option when buying this mill , but please make sure that you are ordering from epar on future purchases . best regards , epar team 
the section where you can see the pepper salt is made of some kind of plastic or acrylic . the stainess steel you see above that is just a sleeve as the pastic goes all the way up to contain the salt pepper . i 've found the sleeve to be poorly glued . this is fine a salt mill ... but the output w pepper is so low that you ca n't use it in the kitchen , only on the table for a light dusting of pepper 
no , you can not adjust the grind size , this mill produces the grind through force unlike the grind mechanisms you will find in two-hand operated mills . 
no 
$ 658 
the smell was n't really a big deal . it seemed it went away with 48 hours . unrelated to the smell , i had the worst experience with the delivery of this bed . the two twin beds where just dumped by fedex on my driveway . the shipping box ( if you can call it shipping box ) were completely torn apart and left part of the mattress exposed to dirt . the adjustable frames beds were delivered much later . the delivery company that was contracted by leggett & platt was the worst . they lied and lied and lied . i finally contacted leggett & platt and told them about my experience . leggett & platt immediately took care of the situation and the frames were finally delivered . do n't worry about the smell . it will go away immediately . i ordered `` firm '' and it 's an understatement . it is super firm bordering on the uncomfortable side . it 's also super warm . it really retains body heat . i decided to purchase another brand memory foam mattress and glad i did . i hated the dynasty mattress -- -way uncomfortable . 
not to bad . my sister and i carried it . xl twins are lighter than the queen my mother bought . 
17.5 x 12 works great on all bread so far . : - ) 
no . they do not . 
yes , the labels wash well with hand washing . the chalk pen will come off , but the label is secure . 
meant to be permanently placed on surface : ) 
i 'm pretty sure they will , as long as you do n't keep taking them off . they 're pretty sticky . also make sure you get the chalk pens to use on them instead of regular chalk . : ) 
they are very sticky . and hard to remove from most surfaces . so i 'm sure they will stick . but you might be able to remove them easier later 
i bought the shower curtain a few months ago and just love it.. as far as accessories , i have not been able to find any that are just for this curtain.. i purchased some silver blingy one 's and they go great ! hope that helps ! have a great day and god bless 
the shower curtain is a work of art , i 'm sure the dark purple rug will look just fine 
i found what i believe are the accessories at the following amazon page but there are no pictures ... http : www.amazon.com dp b00hfxo0ow ref=twister_b00hhgzlli 
the swag valance comes with it ... it runs through loops on the curtain , so it stays in place.. 
linda , the constrution of the pans is identical , and food will cook the same in them . on the prima pan , however , which is the one i purchased , there is an edge around the pan 's edge intended to make it easier to pour liquids from the pan . it works okay , and since the prices are similar i 'd go for it . by the way , as for the pan itself , this skillet has literally changed the way i cook . its heat-retaining core is efficient and heats and cooks evenly . the size of the 12 '' skillet will allow you to add a full pound of pasta to your sauteed ingredients with pasta water to finish your dish . it browns food better than any pan i 've ever had , and i find myself looking for excuses to use it instead of my very expensive ( and nice , but just not the same ) saute pan . if you 're a serious cook , you need this , and there 's no reason to spend more for all-clad or any other pricey brand . finally , this pan is beautiful , and cleans up easily with a squirt of liquid barkeeper 's friend liquid cleaner along with your dishwashing foam or liquid after a short soak . 
yes , it is , dorothy , and the atk 's conclusion was that there is no reason to pay more for the all-clad tri-ply skillet . i 've used it almost daily for almost a year , and it would not be an exaggeration to say that it 's changed the way i cook . it 's made me more willing to experiment with new techniques and recipes , and improved the quality of my cooking . i chose the flared-edge model to make it easier to pour liquids from my pan , and i recommend this feature . it 's even made my lean-up easier . i 'm considering buying a second one , since the pan is oven-safe to 500 degrees f , i can finish a dish in the oven and still have a skillet for stovetop . 
for purposes of matching cookware to a smooth-top stove burner , the flat portion of the skillet bottom is 8 1 4 '' . that , of course , is approximately the diameter of the pan 's flat cooking area . the lip 's outside diameter is 13 '' ; its inside diameter is 11 3 4 '' , though neither of those measurements tells you anything about the pan 's capacity . 
the pan is made in brazil . 
laura , as indicated by the induction icon on tramontina 's website , prima tri-ply base cookware is compatible with induction cooking . http : www.tramontina-usa.com prima-use % 20and % 20care.html 
i never did eggs or omelets in this pan . i have sauteed various foods and if enough oil or butter is used it does n't stick . even if something does stick , it cleans up very easily . i will say it is a pretty hefty pan and hard for me to lift but i 'm 72 and have arthritis so for anyone without any health issues this would not be a problem . all in all , pretty satisfied . 
yes it is . works great ! 
yes 
the new environmentally friendly refrigerant r410a is used . the system carries enough charge for standard installation . 
you need to create a flat base using an angled mounting bracket , against the roof 's pitch . 
i am not electrician but the electricians sent me out to get a break or 15 
it does not 
yes , there is a filter but this is a unreliable kettle . i bought 5 months ago . when it worked it is okay , not the best . it started leaking and i have to ship it back for a refuns 
china made & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; i stop use this kettle after few month ( water still smelling like plastic ) ... i recommend search for stainless steel kettle ... 
no the heating element is not exposed . read the reviews about the kettle and investigate well before you buy it . mine broke during the warranty period and was leaking water . i sent it back . 
the cable is designed to be exposed to the heat . i 've used mine in both the expected environment and on the barbie . the unit has worked flawlessly . just how is the unit `` failing '' ? if the meat you 're cooking is bone-in you need to be careful not to allow the probe to touch the bone . ( bone conducts heat more efficiently than meat and will yield a false reading leading to insufficiently cooked meat . 
about 3 feet 1 meter . more than enough to reach outside my grill or oven . i have used on both ! 
it always says ... . what is missing ? ? ? 
i believe that the warranty info comes packed with the mattress . since this is sold by amazon , you also have their satisfaction guarantee . i purchased 2 of these mattresses in sept and they are terrific . i highly recommend this product . 
i would think so . it is pretty flexible , after all it does come rolled up in a box . i would just want to make sure that the adjustable bed frame has something to keep the mattress in place since some have complained about it slipping . 
hi , i had the same question ... looking at the seller 's page it says `` a : as long as the mattress is in its original box we offer a 30 day 100 % money back guarentee . we will even pay your shipping back . once the mattress is out of the original packaging we do not offer any returns . '' under the reviews in the lower left corner . 
it did not come with a pillow . 
it is listed under the product details . it says it is 38 x 74 x 13 inches . 
yes 
i 've tried it with my cheese straw recipe and it worked well , although i used it to make cheese crackers . 
no , but more importantly , i advise against buying this product -- the ratcheting mechanism has failed after a few batches , and it is unusable . some combination of poor design and poor manufacturing . 
per my review , this press has design flaw and stopped working on any dough after 1st batch of cookies 
no , i can tell you with good authority that there is no cookie press that will do that . the dough for any cookie press has to be perfectly smooth so it will squeeze through the little different shape plates that form the cookies . nuts , raisins , chocolate chips will totally block it and you will scream and throw it against the wall ! 
i do n't think so . there is no attachment for that . 
the plunger should not move up without pressing the gray button . maybe it 's stuck ? ? 
it depends on how small the frog is..these bottles are very tiny . i would say there main use would be for sand , or glitter . 
it would probably only hold three or four m & ms if they for through the opening . maybe you 'd be more successful with the mini m & ms . but i suggest getting bottles a little larger than these . : ) 
it depends on how small they are . the opening is only a half inch wide . 
it depends on how big the stars are 
1 4 -1 2 oz 
no i had to buy those separately . 
yes 
26 1 4 inches 
48 inches wide , 28 inches deep and 36 inches high . 
yes , and the holes for the screws are hidden as well by a thin vinyl coating on the desk that you normally have to pierce with screws . so if you do not add the shelf it wo n't look weird . it 's a complicated desk to put together but overall very good . 
should no problem . all in all good desk . 
yes it is . 
without the ice cone it holds 3 gallons . if you remove both the ice cone and the insulating basin ( which sits inside the main basin ) then it will hold 3.5 gallons . 
it goes on the bottom of the stand piece that attaches to the bottom ( to help prevent it from slipping on a smooth surface ) . 
they do on mine . i have not had any problems at all . 
i have not tried anything that thick but the nozzle and tube that comes out is a rather good size , from looking you can have daiquiris but of course that is my opinion . 
it stands on its own . the surprising thing to me was the lightness of the cleaner itself . when you use it , though , when the handle is released , the weight of the shaft shifts similar to a heavier cleaner . i was pleasantly suprised with the powerful suction and cleaning . 
i 'd rate it higher -- i 'd give it 4.5 out of 5. if it had fancier attachments with a little more reach , it 'd give it a 5 out of 5 , but the attachments are not so important to me . i give it a 5 out of 5 for ease of emptying out the dust bin and ease of access to filter . i am also amazed at how well it picks up both on carpet and tile , especially for the price . and so easy to steer and get around . still very happy with it . 
do you mean the cleaning width ? 12 inches . the actual head is 12 3 8 inches wide . the rear wheels are 7 inches wide and the vacuum itself is only 6 inches wide . 
i have found the hose to be plenty long- to reach the corners of my ceiling with the attachment brushes and extension wand . not sure how the length compares to larger , heavier models , but for this lighter weight model i feel like the designers made the hose plenty long . i do n't want to haul around an extra long hose as i mainly use the vac for carpets 98 % of the time i do n't use the hose . 
it has a lot of power and the feature to turn off the brush is great for sacking up the dirt on tile and wood floors . 
i have no shag but i do have sculpted carpet and plush and it does very well on those . i hope this was of some help . 
really worked good on both hardwood and carpet . 
just a small one , serves dual purpose with brush and skinny nozzle but does have a long cord . 
there is no height adjustment ... one of only a few drawbacks to this unit . it has powerful suction so when i do area rugs i have to hold down the lighter weight rugs with my foot , or just carefully move the vacuum . 
i 've never tried it ... but i think it would work based on the amount of steam the unit produces . it 's not a rolling boil but it is a good , steady steam . good luck ! 
i have not and would n't because the handles would come in contact with the edge of your hot pan . use an inexpensive collapsible steamer basket instead . 
the amazon ad for the rs-03 steamer says `` for the aroma arc-753sg only '' , so it probably would not be a perfect fit . however , the dimensions are pretty close for the 6- and 8-cup cookers . 
i have cooked successfully raw sausages mixed in with the rice cooking at the same time . i have not had luck cooking meats in the steamer portion . beef ends up medium rare , obviously this in not safe for chicken or pork . in theory maybe , in reality it has n't worked for me using the steamer for meats . vegetables only in the steamer is my experience and preference . your mileage may vary . hope this helps you making a decision . i find the steamer is an important option i find invaluable when cooking vegetables , but not for cooking meats . 
yes 
i ordered the 6-cup steamer with the 6-cup ss rice cooker . they definitely fit together properly , but i have not used the steamer for cooking yet . 
the diameter is 9 1 2 inches . the height is 4 1 4 inches . 
the handles can become hot . if just heating up something they are fine . but if something takes a while to cook i do need to use a pot holder 
induction cooker ready ... 
yes . 
yup 
what is a wave countertop 
i dont wash my pans into the dishwash ! 
yes they are . since they are not really non-stick , it does not matter . i have been dishwashing them and have not faced any issues . 
to be more accurate , the finished bullet ice cube is about 2 1 4 inch in length and 3 8 inch in diameter . the ice cube tray itself is about 7 1 2 inch in length and 3 1 2 inch in width . help it helps . 
hi vince , thanks for contacting us regarding your question ! it 's pretty easy to make bullet ice cubes using kitchenwave bullet ice tray : 1. place the bottom piece ( without tiny hole on each bullet slot ) of the ice cube tray on a table , fill it with water until full , slowly and gently put the top piece over it , then carefully lock all four latches ; 2. slowly move the locked ice cube tray into fridge , be sure to stay flat when doing this , do n't get water leak from the upside tiny holes , keep it in fridge for couple hours , that 's it ! hope you are satisfied with our answer , please enjoy our products with your family and friends ! best regards , 
hi mak212 , thanks for contacting us about your question ! it 's pretty simple to make bullet ice cubes using kitchenwave bullet ice mold : 1. place the bottom piece ( without tiny hole on each bullet slot ) of the ice cube tray on a table , fill it with water until full , slowly and gently put the top piece over it , then carefully lock all four latches ; 2. slowly move the locked ice cube tray into fridge , be sure to stay flat when doing this , do n't get water leak from the upside tiny holes , keep it in fridge for couple hours ; 3. take out the tray from the fridge , put it under running water for couple seconds , this will make it easier to unlock the tray . if you still can not unlock the tray because it 's too tight , you can try to use a regular slot type screw driver to open the locks quickly ; 4. once you remove the top lid , slightly squeeze the tray , now you are be able to get the beautiful bullet shape ice cube out from the tray ! hope you are satisfied with our answer , please enjoy our products with your family and friends ! best regards , 
no idea , but we do n't use it because it is too hard to load up & messy 
not real firm . i think it 's perfect for snuggling . i have ordered 8 pillows in the last month and have 1 left . my granddaughters love them . 
it is not a flat pillow . actually it is a bit fuller than i expected . that having been said , it is a wonderful pillow . i use it in conjunction w other pillows . not only would it be great for traveling , but it would be great for a child 's primary pillow . 
i think so but have n't tried to use it as one . i got these for my mom as gifts and she uses one as a back cushion and one as a neck pillow in her recliner . it would probably work well as a knee cushion . it is a great size . 
i 'm not the seller , just a purchaser . i bought the child toddler travel size 14x21 pillowcase 100 % cotton color : white by ab lifestyles http : www.amazon.com gp product b003dgj1ik ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00 ? ie=utf8 & psc=1 . it fits perfectly , and is very well made -- high quality materials , very soft ! 
i have magic bullet model # mb1001 . it 's one of the first models . the ice shaver does fit , the hub on the bottom is slightly different but it works just fine . the new magic bullets come with the ice shaver blade , you can go look at one in costco or bed bath and beyond and compare it to your model . but remember they look different but fit and work fine . hope that helps 
yes , this is a blunt crushing blade . it fits on the bullet perfectly . 
it did but the second time i used it it broke . i then used the one that is a single blade and it worked perfect . you do n't really need to buy this one is a waste of money and it breaks , i have already bought 2 and they both broke 
this is not a question ! 
yes it will fit ... but this blade wears fast . the hard plastic nubs at the bottom of the blade stops fitting and slips . i used it alot but it does n't last ! 
hi frank yes it will work . i 'm using it in that model now . enjoy ! 
no 
no 
not on this set there is n't ! 
yes 
i 'm not sure if they are forged but do n't waste your money . i ordered the set , opened up the box , put all knives awa in caddy . i then started to reister the product and found out that the knives are made in china . i bought them because i thought they were german made and they are not . i bought a real henckels in macy 's you may want to puchase them there . 
this set is made in china 
i gave this as a gift , i have no idea , sorry . 
well , that 's a good question . since my husband tossed all packaging right into the recycle bin , including any paperwork that may have been in the box , i did n't even think about that . really , if i 'd had the packaging , i would have made an effort to return the set , or go to henckels and see about a warranty . since we did n't think ahead , we 're just stuck with them . knives are getting worse , btw . more rust , and edges are quite dull - we are back to using our 20 year old chicago cutlery set . 
the bowls are like russian nesting dolls . the bowls twist together to form a lid , so you can only use two bowls if you are not using seran wrap or something to cover them . 
yes . its a roll , but they tear into the triangle cone shape . 
these are made in china . 
they do n't say but they 're some type of plastic . slightly thicker then the wilton ones aand definitely not bio degradable unfortunately . i can say that my couplers and tips work just fine . i like 'em . hope that helps . here 's the phone number on box in case you want to call : 1-800-847-0101 
which corner do you mean ? the bags are shaped like a cone . the tip of the bag is sealed , and the end of the bag ( the widest part , where you add your icing or whatever ) is open . hope that answers your question . 
yes 
yes , you can cut the tip any size . so i would think no tip would work great ! ! i just found them a bit small for what i was doing . 
the bags are clear . 
micro fiber 
18 '' wide , 14 '' deep , 17 '' tall 
the bench is 18 ' wide x 14 '' deep x 17 '' tall . good solid bench . wife is enjoying it . 
i would guess under 200 pounds 
no , it is strictly a humidifier . there 's a cotton wick in it and it would just suck up all the oils . if you 're looking for something that produces mist and is an oil diffuser as well i highly recommend the h2eo ultrasonic diffuser . 
no . it does not have an automatic turn-off feature . ? 
it plugs into the cigarette lighter in my car . i am not sure how long it will run when not plugged in . i have n't tried it . i seem to remember it said maybe 3 hours . i could be wrong . 
maybe radio shack would have one . 
you know , i 'm not sure , but i 'd just make sure that it 's clean and dry before storing . you might want to wash it with a little bleach in the water just to be sure . i have n't had any issues with mine so far . 
do n't buy this . mine broke after 2 months of light use . 
yes , there is a small groove on the top of one that fits into the bottom of another . they stack nicely . as long as they are in a bag or box of some sort they should stay nicely . 
yes , they have tabs that seal nicely . 
regular cupcakes 
no there were not indents for fingers , but we had no trouble getting the cupcakes out without messing up the decorated cupcakes . 
the seat dimensions are : 22 '' w x 23 '' d x 21 '' h. although the chair will support a person at 400 lbs. , i believe the width ( 22 '' ) may be too narrow . i would suggest looking at the lane stallion 1407. the seat on that chair is 25 '' wide . you can do a search for any of these numbers and it will show you a lane stallion recliner . the numbers are b00aqlj7kw or b008u75jba or b008u75iaw . 
the fabric is called scrumptious almond . it is a very soft synthetic material made of 100 % polyester . durable , easy to clean , and stain resistant . up close it has a leather-like pattern . if you will email us we 'll be happy to send you a close up photo . 
about twenty inches off the floor im 6'4 '' tall when i sit back in the seat my chair is a rocker recliner my feet are a couple inches off the floor because the chair rocks back but when i go to get out my feet are flat on the floor . 
i do not know where the pots were made but i am very happy with them and i use them most days . 
yes , it does ! 
i put it at one drip per 11 2 seconds . i usually do it at night so it is done in morning . i have never timed it but i would venture about three to four hours . i then transfer into a capped jar in the fridge , we add a couple of shots to hot brewed coffee and the enhanced taste is amazing . you can warm it for a demi-tasse espresso but it is only for those who like espresso . i sent a jar to a friend and he uses it over vanilla ice cream . he keeps hinting he 's getting low on his `` stash '' . be aware that this is a very fragile piece and not for rough use . i have it on a shelf away from curious hands . i also use a rubber mat in my cast iron sink when washing . so far so good . oh i use cold ozarca mineral water and not tap water . 
fully assembled 18 inches high by 6 inches around . 
it 's metal and is quite nice . the only concern i have with this device is that teh glass is very fragile and when you break a part of it , like we and another customer did , the supplier has no way to remedy the situation other than you buying a new unit . in my case he made an exception and sold me just the broken coffee holder for $ 25 ... but i had to wait over three months for it to arrive . 
yes we do . you can find the shipping cost after you adding it into your shopping car , before you check out . thanks 
yes we can . you will see the shipping cost when you check out . thanks 
i positioned this bed against the wall in my home and there is a 1 inch gap from mattress to wall . so i imagine at least 2 inches between the two mattresses . 
the exact measurements are exactly what is in the amazon advertisement . you assemle it according to the instruccions that come with the bed . i did it myself with no help . easy , just takes time . 
comes with trundle and the trundle is slatted for support 
8 inches , but really tight . i think 6 inches will be better ! 
i do n't know exactly but i have a 11 '' heavy mattress on top and a 8 '' mattress on the trundle . i have no problems . hope that helps . 
we have a double , so ours takes a full sized mattress . i would assume the twin with twin trundle takes a twin mattress . 
yes i believe so - that is about the size of the mattress we have on the trundle - tight fit but it works . 
you can set up on either side . we have the trundle opening from the right side . 
the bed does not rise.. it remains on the floor . 
as listed on the box : 5 kg 11 lb 5000 ml 176.4 fl . oz 
there is no calibration to this scale . it does have a zero or tare setting so you can adjust for containers . hope this helps 
yes 
i need to check but i believe it 's a 2032 round flat battery 
i have weighed standard dinner plates . and i was able to see the weight without a problem . 9 or 10 '' dinner plate 
my induction unit runs by low , medium , medium high , and high with temperature increments in five degrees in each range . so i do n't know the equivalent of an 8 or a 9. i would suggest you check your induction unit 's instruction book to find which of the settings equals a medium heat and do n't use a higher heat . the pan is safe at an oven temperatgure of 400 degrees fahrenheit . i got the feeling from the use and care recommendations that they are concerned with keeping the shiny , shiny finish pristine and beautiful . my cookware gets used hard . i use reasonable care , but i do n't get all finickly about keepin it `` for pretty '' . i plan to use it on low to medium , but i 'm not going to fret about it . it 's a pan for cooking ooey , gooey , sticky , messy things . it 's not going to stay out of the box pretty . i would worry more if it were a non-stick interior , but it 's a metal finish . so i 'm just going to enjoy it . good luck . 
yes . oven safe up to 450 degrees . 
have not had that experience . 
yes 
no , but you can hold the lid back just a little and tip it over the sink and it drains just fine . i love this pan . it does have two small vent holes to let out the steam as it is cooking . 
hallo , i dont have the actual item here anymore so i can not measure it . i did some research and did not see actual dimensions listed . i remember it quite well and would estimate it be 5-6 inches tall deep plus 1.5 inches for the lid , and about the same across in diameter ( 5-6 inches ) plus 1.5 where the handles are . it seemed to me and also in a few reviews i saw that it was a very nicely put together pot . it even has subtle measurements on the inside . thanks for your interest . 
yes , they do ! 
no , microfiber is not cotton . i ca n't read the tiny little tag on these sheets , but most of the time it is a polyester fiber . this is not `` your mothers '' polyester , however . this microfiber is extremely soft , yet does not wrinkle like cotton . the fiber is so fine it can be woven like cotton , thus giving you such a high thread count . hope this helps . 
no 
yes they are 
1500 thread count . 
i 'm sorry ; the sheet set is no longer available . i do not know what size sheets you would need 
`` instructions for use '' ? not aware of any , but know the fan is very handy when overheated i.e . from temperature in room caused by people or any heating source , also great for `` overheating '' due to menopause . have used throughout the day night . portable and quiet enough to not disturb others . 
yes . just keep in mind that it is only going to direct air on one person 
4 aa 
the only place to clip it on a dog crate would be on the gate , but then the fan would n't be blowing air in the dogs direction . maybe if you take the clip off and velcro the fan to the inside it may work . 
yes . this fan provides a powerful airflow . 
i 've only used it with the usb attached ... 
yes 
from what i can tell with my own that i recently ordered , it fits a twin sized bed and reaches the floor on either side of the bed . it may fit a full sized bed , but if you do use it on a full , it might not go all the way down to the floor on the sides . however , i can guarantee you it wont fully fit a queen sized bed . so , it will fit a twin , xl twin , or a full double bed . : ) hope this answer helps answer your question ! i absolutely love mine ! ! 
yes , it comes with two pillow cases 
it fits a twin size bed with a little extra room . however , it faded tremendously after one wash and was a very itchy cotton after as well . too bad because it was exactly what my daughter had searched for . now it 's not used at all . 
hi . i bought this a year ago for my grandson when i was in australia on holiday . it was cotton but not sure if 100 % or poly cotton . i can not comment on how it has washed but we were pleased with it when arrived . hope this is off some help . 
yeah it 's fine i use it year round 
full size 
yes it fits nicely 
i have n't tried it with the beehouse . the hole in the hario is slightly less than 3 inches diameter ... maybe that measurement will help you figure it out . it looks to me like the notches at the bottom of the beehouse would prevent it from sitting on the flat surface of the hario . 
the drip coffee funnel sits on top . a coffee mug or small glass pitcher below 
what scale do you want to use ? this stand is designed to work specifically with the hario scale so that the scale slides into the bottom of the stand and fits securely , becoming one unit . i think the stand could fit on top of another scale for sure but i 'm not sure another scale would slide into the stand the same way . 
do n't think so.i use it as drip coffee maker . mug or small pitcher at base . 
the cavity is 3 4 '' deep . i baked brownies and the result , with rising , was 1 '' thick . i love it and will use it again 
no . 
8 '' , 10 '' , & 12 '' 
yes , it has its own compressor . my experience is frozen ice cream in 30 minutes or less . 
this item is being sold directly the amazon and the warranty is with square trade . we have no affiliation with them so we are unable to provide comment . 
the tub is made of stainless steel . 
it 's rated at 2 amps but only consumes 150 watts of power so tha actual steady state draw is probably more like 1.25 amps . 
simply plug in and use . no pre freezing of anything . 
even though i have not made gelato with my machine , it is my understanding that gelato uses a slow churn process to incorporate very little air into the mixture . this machine churns very slowly . the volume in my ice cream mixes only increases about 10 % or less . so it should work very well for gelato . 
4 & 3 8 inches tall , great sturdy big mugs , l like them 
sorry , i honestly do n't know . i did not check that when i bought them . 
not sure about that buying extra shams i would contact seller . it is a comforter you can find at other places if you google it amazon had the best price at the time . 
no 
hello , thank you for contacting us . at this time it appears the queen size is out of stock . regards , dolores ramirez designer living customer service 
it 'll be short 
those are actually pillow shams and are included with the comforter set . 
hello - thank you for your interest in designer living . we do not have any particular sheet sets to match this comforter set . please feel free to visit our website to browse our sheets . thank you , designer living customer service 1-888-879-8790 
yes ! i was asking this same question ... found the answer in the description , it is , in fact , microwavable ! ! : ) 
we are sorry , we just sopport shipping to usa . 
it 's like a tag outside the cup . the temperature makes it change color , but once it changed , it would n't change back immediately as youn pour out the water because the cup is still hot . it will change back unless the cup is cooled . 
the unit is 10 inches high , 5.5 inches wide and 9.5 inches front to back . but , more importantly , if you buy this unit make sure you unplug it and drain it when you are not using it . i did n't and when i went to measure it , it was leaking on top of the cart it was sitting on . so , thanks for asking the question ! 
no 
we use it in a 10x12 bedroom and i would n't use it a room any larger . 
yes -- -but i do n't recommend it for several reasons ( see my review ) 
i am uncertain what you mean , the tank ( left half of diagonal ) slides out of the holding bracket and you refill it at bottom of tank , the controls are part of the silver dial you see lower right side and the mist emanates from the top portion . it really is a great unit , and runs for nearly 24 hours using cool water , warm setting does not last as long and you can control the levels of humidity and output . the only thing i did not like about this unit is that it is made in china and i prefer all products made in usa 
it has a screw in filter that you replace yearly to filter out white dust 
no ! you need 2 filters side by side to fill the space in the hw f300a . order part # honeywell 203369 f50f f300 prefilter - 2 pack 
mine came two per pkg . 
baskets are 15 '' x6 '' and it fits a door 79 '' . i hope this helps , it really works well for my pantry door . 
the rack is made to fit a standard 80 '' tall door which is typical in most entry doors . it comes in several pieces which is basically an over the door hook that attaches a bracket to hold the shelves baskets . there are three brackets total and finally attach a final bracket that goes under the door . you can opt to use included screws to stabilize the shelves which i recommend and then you can easily mount the shelves however you want to space them apart . the highest you can mount the top shelf is 8 '' from the top and the lowest is 2 '' from the bottom . if your door is shorter than 80 '' you can remove the bottom bracket or one of the three brackets to shorten it . hope this helps . 
imho ... ... .absolutely not ! ! ! ! mold is a difficult problem to rectify because it can be so invasive . there are many mold strains , most benign but others are deadly , so tackling mold begins with proper identification . once identified you can choose the best method of eradication . physical removal of surface mold followed up with direct application of a mold fighting formula is your best approach . keep in mind that repeated applications will most likely be necessary if mold infestation is severe . this air purifier simply is not up the task of eliminating your mold problem despite whatever claims are made . an expensive multi-stage unit would be a more suitable choice . these units are very effective but annual operating costs , in the form of replacement filters and uv bulbs , can be excessive . just my 2 cents . 
there is no switch to turn the light off , it will stay on unless you unplug it . that being said , there seems to be a sensor that will increase decrease the intensity depending on how much lighting is present in the room . perhaps in a sunlight room it will turn off ... have n't tested this . 
no 
honestly , i left it on for 30 days straight and unplugged it . i was afraid it would `` wear out . '' now i only use it when my daughter catches a cold . i was checking the insert and saw that there is a website and email address . www.dtmcare.com and info @ dtmcare.com . please let me know your findings if you receive an answer from the company . 
no but it does n't work the only thing that work is the let light 
yes , for small bathrooms . 
actually the hole is not there to let steam escape , but rather to let air in . you 've probably had the lid of a pan ( or slow cooker ) get `` stuck '' after you heat the food , then let the pan cool with the lid on . the lid gets stuck because a partial vacuum forms in the pan as it cools . when there 's a hole in the lid , a partial vacuum ca n't form because the hole let 's a small amount of air in . because the air pressure is the same on each side of the lid , it wo n't get stuck . 
4-6 people . i can fix a 3lb roast in it easily . the stew i fixed a couple weeks ago fed 6 . 
it is oval shaped ... outside length is about 11 1 2 '' , inside length is about 8 1 2 '' ... outside width is about 8 1 2 '' , inside width is about 7 '' ... outside pot height with lid is about 9 '' ... inside depth is about 5 '' . i hope this helps . 
oval 
nope ... 
the inside of the pot is 4 inches high from bottom to top of cooking area . the oval is 8 1 4 inches long and 6 1 2 inches wide . measurements are taken from the top of oval , not including the lid area . 
no , not automatically . there are `` high '' , `` low '' , and `` keep warm '' settings , but they must be changed manually . 
mine has 5 speeds 
i did n't purchase one as i get tired of the appliances i purchase before they fail 
the immersion stick is over 8 inches long made all of metal . i 'd be hesitant to call it a blender stick because there are things i can do in a blender that this would n't be a good fit for like crushing ice . the product is great for specific things ( like blending boiling soup ) . 
i have n't tried to but it probably could . it 's very strong i just worry about it dulling the blades quickly . 
no , i would not recommend it . i have gotten tiny little marks in the bottom from the one time i used a fork to stir something . however , these are this is the most wonderful cookware i 've ever used . it works well with plastic , silicone or wooden tools , and it is remarkably easy to clean . 
i think if you have been using any kind of cookware and have n't had any problems , this would not be an issue definitely . the cookware is kind of delicate and light and inside the non stick is ceramic . i do n't believe you will have any problem as far as scratching your glasstop surface . 
my box says made in china 
yes ... they look great , the dishwasher does not hurt them , and they do n't stick . i get compliments about how nice they look . 
i 'm not sure if you are asking if these are made in the usa ( which they are ) or what they are made from . they are made from anodized aluminum and `` it features a nonstick ceramic coating that is metal utensil safe and is ptfe , pfoa , cadmium and lead free . the aluminum base guarantees high heat retention making it excellent for searing meats , poultry , and fish and it delivering crisper , more evenly cooked food . '' this means if you ca n't scratch it like the teflon coated ones ( although you can chink it or scratch it if you are using metal utensils - so do n't ) but it does not leave deadly toxins in your food from the teflon . if you let the pan heat up at medium , i guarantee you that you will not even need to use butter or spray because it will slide right out . i am truly amazed at the product for the price point . they are amazing . worth every dollar , but they are so reasonably priced - who cares ? ? ? : - ) 
says it has a `` lifetime warranty against defects excluding dishwasher damage . '' that 's all i can tell you . 
yes 
if the other reviewers would use a measuring cup they would find that these glasses hold exactly 16oz ... now if you are pouring something other than water in , like beer or soda , they will hold 12 to 13 oz with a head . but to answer your question , yes they are 16 oz glasses . 
i do n't think they 'd break , but they would most likely be too hot to hold . 
they 're flat , but they have like a very small rim in the circumference . if you 're asking to find out if they 're stable . they are fairly stable . 
they are standard bar `` pint '' glasses for draft beer . 2 1 2 bottom 3 1 2 top 
i have pored hot coffee into glass and no problems yet and yes ice water is fine too . 
just under 6 inches tall . definitely worth the buy ! i bought a box and etched them with glass etching cream and they 're all sill holding up great ! 
not really . order from the container store . you will spend more but it wo n't keep coming apart . 
not worth the money . very poorly assembled . would not recommend to anyone 
i purchased the brown . and they were true brown 
i am sorry , not in this product . please check out our brielle 100 % modal jersey sheets . we have all sizes in them . 
i 've had 3 grown adults on mine approx 500 lbs easily . 
i think it can be outside if it 's in a covered area away from the elements . it 's a sturdy bench and easy to maintain but if it 's left out in the elements it may get a little messed up . 
i bought two sets of four ( same item number both times ) about a month apart . the first set is 48 ' long , and the second is 47 1 2 '' long . i 'd guess that 47.5 '' would most likely be the correct measurement . good luck ! 
47 1 2 '' long 14 1 2 '' wide 18 '' high 
42 inches 
not sure but mine was heavy . 40.2 sounds closer . 
no , it does not come with a cover that you can take off . it is a soft textured material that surrounds the mattress . 
you would need to contact either amazon or the seller fro that answer . 
it is 10 inches thick . the length and width are standard sizes for mattresses , depending on which option you select ( twin , full , queen or king ) . 
i 'm sorry , i do n't have any idea of what you are asking ? we do love the mattress still , no permanent body indentation 's of any sort . 
yes , it restarts after a minute or two pause if the power is interrupted . i think the pause is to reset the condenser , like what a refrigerator has . those are somewhat touchy in power outages . 
i do n't know for sure but i ca n't see any reason why not . i have a sump pump and a lot of times i pour water into it just to make sure it is working . this is by far the best dehumidifier i have ever had . 
no , only for 1 year . the `` sealed refrigerant system '' has up to a 5 year limited warranty . 
i have it set on 45 % and it does my basement of about 8,500 square feet . 
yes - we use in in our crawl space and it works quite well . one of the criteria was the drain pump which we use to drain the dehumidifier into our washer drain which is above floor level . 
yes , there is a hose that comes with the unit . you must have a direct drain either in a sink or floor drain to the hose to work . we did n't have the drain so we empty the bucket . it does a really good job in keeping our garage dry and we empty the bucket about once every day . 
a hose does come with this unit . it 's only about 3 feet long and the male adapter connection end on the unit wo n't accept a standard water hose with out leaking . the hose feature is pretty useless if you ask me . 
no . there are different connection points for the pump and direct drain . the drain hose has to be attached to the direct drain connection point if you want to drain directly into a floor drain . the direct drain is a gravity drain . 
yes , refurbished juicers have a 12 year warranty , while new juicers have a 15 year warranty . 
go to this website & gt ; & gt ; http : www.asintoupc.com it describes how to convert amazon 's asin to upc 
yes sir . i 've seen this on every model i have used . 
yep , and it does a great job . 
-i gave it as a gift . i do n't use this item 
it 's more like a sticky dough that you 'd want , or the sort of recipe for drop cookies . 
we put it right on the stove . love it ! 
enamel . 
yes . : ) 
i would guess so . you will want to keep it well oiled to reduce the possibility of rust . 
yes . i make tea in but i usually reheat the tea by placing the pot on the stove and it 's fine . 
no idea about wood . 
the knifes are decent , my only issue is that they are a bit small , making it difficult to cut good slices off of larger blocks of cheese . with smaller cheeses , they cut just fine . 
do n't know . amazon database has me confused with someone else . not one of my purchases . 
yes it does ! i have himalayan salt in mine . i think himalayan is softer than regular coarse salt so this works very well ! 
4 inches tall and 2.5 inches wide excellent product very easy to grind salt 
no , it 's a very delicate tool that even has issues grinding salt that is too hard . 
i do not know . i simply drilled a small hole in the cone just below the part that screws on the bottle to allow the water to come out . 
i could n't figure it out either - cut the tips off and they drained immediately . i finally discarded them after writing a comment to amazon about how useless the are , and then bought some more expensive clay ones which are very good . my advice is send them back for a refund , if you can . 
depends on how much water flow you want . i drilled two 1 64 inch holes , one on each side , about one inch from the bottom , and was satisfied with that . drilled a second one at 1 32 inch and decided it was too much , for my use . remember , you can always make the hole larger . smaller , not so much ... .. 
do n't know if it fits a 12oz bottle . what i do knowvis thst it is a ripoff . thry advertise 12 but only send 4. said 12 is a typo . promised to send the other 8 when i complained . never did receive them . 
the strainer works well for cooked ground . we make tacos a couple times a month and drain the beef before adding the taco spices . however i would n't pour searing hot beef into the drainer . let it cool a couple minutes before draining . 
there is a 1 4 '' ring around the bottom of the bowl lifting it above the counter slightly . the colander portion has a similar ring . 
dims are approximately 10 '' wide x 7 inches deep . insert is a tad smaller so it nests inside it . great to fit a head of lettuce any size in it . probably wo n't fit a huge head of cabbage , but will fit a regular sized cabagge . 
no . the deformation temperature of polypropylene is under boiling water . even at deformation point no harmful chemicals are released . 
soft cheese presents more of a challenge . if i could give it a star rating for grating soft cheese , i 'd give 3.5 out of 5 stars . depending on the quantity of cheese , you may need to manually clear the drum . sharp cheddar is easy . mozzarella is more challenging . still worth it . it grates a 2 pound block in seconds . 
it has two graters , large and small . it also has a slicer attachment . i 've used mine once for carrots and loved it . 
it comes from germany . i am not certain if it is manufactured there also . the chute is large enough for a small to medium size potato . larger potatoes have to be split in halve . 
possibly . it does have a shredding disk and it shreds soft cheeses , so it may do the job . 
yes it should . 
yes 
although that is rather a subjective question , many factors would influence an opinion . i use the dishwasher , except for the body which gets wiped down with a damp paper towel . 
i just returned it back , so i did n't see it actually , but it is not glass lid as i know . it is st. stl . lid , i have see it in sogo as like that , i hope it helpful for you . doris wei 
it does not say where it was made . that 's strange though . the wok is solid . i 'm yet to see a better made one . 
no , did not include 
flat bottom 
when it 's almost ready to eat yes , the food smells like when you are heating it on the microwave or stove top . 
hi luciana , yes , it is 110 
it was a christmas gift he says no but he has one that does when he drove a truck i would ask amazon to look for that one 
yes , it comes with a plug-in cord 
no , sorry . you need to remember about your lunch . : ) 
there is no power switch . you plug in and is on , you unplug and is off . 
it only plugs in to a 120vac outlet . you would need a 12vdc-to-120vac inverter in the car . 
yes , there is a plastic insert that you put the food into to heat it . it is dishwasher safe and easy to clean . 
thank you for consider nature relax product . we will have king size in stock in aug.2014 . 
there is a list on the seller 's page of this item , says : premium white down feather , idfl certified clean and hygienic . fill power 500. it feels like it is fill 500 . 
it is . i had to wash it as soon as i got it because it had a funky smell to it , but after wash the smell is gone and the comforter nice and fluffy ... 
no it does n't it . in fact , the down feather somehow finds its way out of thr comforter , and it 's elsewhere . my prevoius down comforter does n't do that . 
according to the tag , it is 50 % duck down feather and 50 % duck feather . we absolutely love it . : ) 
dear john , it is 18 10 surgical stainless steel . 
18x14x6and1 2 inches 
since the set has gold plated accents , hand washing is highly recommended ! 
hello , yes it is dishwasher safe but we dont recommend it because of the gold plating 
hello , yes the knives are very sharp and elegant . we never had any complaints . 
19 lbs exactly 
yes 
yes . i recently replaced mine and the description on the invoice was nuvo h20 nd-wh2416c home . i hope you find what you need . 
yes ! ! 
i think you mean thick walled ? they are a hard plastic , they do n't bend like disposable straws . also they are the same diameter as a `` regular '' straw , just longer so they fit in tall 20oz tumblers . 
do n't know , they were bought to replace the straws for my wife and son 's starbucks 24 oz go cups , so we do n't use them for anything else , sorry 
this set is 10.5 inch long , if you need 9 '' inch long please look for 16oz straws http : www.amazon.com rainbow-colored-replacement-acrylic-cleaning dp b00e00z4xy ref=sr_1_6 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1431704601 & sr=8-6 & keywords=acrylic+straws thank you 
i just got one out and tried to move it and could n't . so i would say fixed ! 
sure thing ! they are a hard plastic and stand up well ... . 
i measured 2 7 8 inches 
do n't know . it 's well made though . i 've had two of these , in different sizes . be sure you do n't put them in water until they cool down though . they will crack , which is how i lost one . to tell you the truth , i automatically assume everything is made in china now . i am right more often than wrong about that . 
this seems to be glazed cookware . as a rule glazed ware is not glazed on the bottom . 
39 x 55 - just over 3ft3in tall x 4ft7in wide 
39 x 55 
they 're correct . it is 39x55 
sorry i missed that detail . yes , it is 39x55 , which i like better 
good luck with that ... i ended up making my own ... called a few places that offered like $ 300 for one ... not happening 
super quiet . you can hardly hear it running . durable , easy to mount . 
it works far better blowing the hot air out of the cabinet . unless you can tie it directly to an ac vent , blowing air in simply wo n't be cold enough to make a meaningful difference . 
this is a cabinet fan , i installed 1 to bring in cool air and 1 to get the heat out , on a cabinet for a wine cellar compressor . they 're doing fine job . it 's quiet and should do the job for your desktop , install 1 only ( it 's big ) at the source of the heat to bring it out . 
hello , the fans come with templates so you 'll have no problem cutting them to the correct size . 
hi offey , thank you for asking . the fan currently blows away from the metal frame but you can switch it 's airflow direction using a screwdriver . so yes ! you can them in a push pull configuration . from jeremy , ac infinity inc . 
length , width , and height . five is the width . 
dish rack is approximately 10 '' wide and 15 '' tall 
yes , i even filled the chocolates i made with a creamy coconut filling-similiar to a mounds 
i 've never made soap or seen soap molds before , but i bought this for my sister to use for ice and it seems flexible and durable enough for what you 're looking for . i 'm feeling pretty positive about it being used for a soap mold ! i really hope it works out because it 's super cute for ice ! ! : ) 
yes , i have fried fresh fish in it . depending on crisp you want it you may want to cook a little longer than the directions say . use peanut oil in the spray bottle to spay on the fish and when you turn them over half way thru cooking spray the other side a little . worked for me 
not a regular size pizza . maybe a smaller personal pan size . i use my oven regularly and love it . 
i 'm not sure 
oils can be used like a spray to make things like blintzers brown better but not required . 
i have only tried chicken and i would say no it does not fry just as good . you have to be careful not to over cook and you ca n't really put too much meat in at once for the best results . it does taste fine though so it is worth buying . 
no flour am using my oilers fryer 
i do n't know . 
hi brooke , in order to answer i need to know what it was used for . for example fondant , cookie dough , modelling paste . i use a kitchen sponge with warm soapy water and dish washing liquid . paper towels used for drying . can also pin on a ( inside or outside ) clothes line to drip dry too . hope that helps if you used it for any of the above recipes . 
no 
i agree with 2 or 3 inches more . you have to measure the top of the cake you want to cover plus twice for the sides . so for example , let 's say you had a cake that is 8 inches in width and 4 inches in height . you would add 8 + 4 + 4 = 16. but then add 2 more inches for a total of 18 inches of rolled out fondant . as for using the mat to apply the fondant ; after you roll out your fondant on the mat to the desired size , gently roll the mat up from one end to the other into a tube shape . then put your fingers in each end of the mat tube and starting on one side of your cake , start unrolling the mat and draping the fondant across to the other side . i hope i explained that well enough ... lol also , if you are new to fondant , i would advise you to avoid the wilton brand fondant as it is not very friendly nor is it remotely tasty . i personally like fondarific and satin ice , both of which are available here on amazon . hope this helped ! : ) 
white rice will take less than an hour , but it depends on how long you want to keep it on warm before eating . after it 's cooked , i let it sit for another 10-15 min . 
8 cups of uncooked rice , cup come with the cooker , about 6 ounces , like most other cookers ' cups . i bought the 4 cups and 8 cups , 4 cups for cooking rice , usually we cook 2 cups brown rice or 2 cups white rice with frog legs or chicken , 2 cups rice are good for me and my wife for 2 meals . we used the 8 cups for stew or porridge , we cooked stew before sleep and it cooked and kept warm like a slow cook overnight . 
i just called the company and they are not bpa free . 
the straws are a hard plastic . they are very durable . i just ordered another set because i lost a couple and friends have been asking me to give them mine . money well spent . 
hard and rigid 
9 '' 
yes . ( i 'm using one as i type . ) . it 's long enough so that your nose is n't pressed to the top of the cup as you use it . 
it 's a very hard plastic material . you could probably leave bite marks if you really tried . 
these straws are 9 inches long . very hard and sturdy . they can be shortened very easily with a dremel tool and cutting wheel and using a fingernail board , or emery board , to smooth the edges . 
as they are n't advertised as being safe to use with hot drinks , i do n't . but i purchased them in february and 6 months later they 're in perfect condition , having been put through the gauntlet by my grandkids . buy american , every time ! 
standard 
hello ! it usually takes 7-15 business days to ship to the u.s. from china by usps , while it ups to the express especially during christmas holiday . 
yeah , we could , thanks 
iit 's like a version of a fleece . there is no tag to specify the exact fabric type . 
yes , fits the size of a normal twin pillow 
i have a standard pillow in it and there is limited room . 
about 2 ' by about 6 ' long 
as far as i know it 's single density throughout ... but i 've been wrong once before . we replaced our 'custom ' inner spring with this and whatever the density , it is by far the most comfortable mattress we 've had so far , in fact we passed on our friend 's guest room bed to sleep in our coach parked on the street in front of their house . be sure to give it a full 72 hrs to expand before you sleep on it . 
not in rv right now so ca n't measure . it did for perfectly on my queen bed and is the best mattress we 've had in an rv . might get one for home bed . 
my experience tells me that it is a soft initial firmness with a deeper firmness under the top layer . so , firm with a soft pillow feel . 
yes 
yes , i remember having trouble finding this answer myself and had to go to the manufacturers site . here are the dimensions per their site . product dimensions : 75 x 60 x 8 inches ; 50 pounds . 
there is a website that works with bbc and sells full sized tardises made of wood . it is cheaper to make it yourself . the tardises are a bit expensive ( $ 3,000+ ) . www.thisplanetearth.co.uk 
no . it 's actually 2d . the graphics are 3d . still makes for a fun photo shoot . 
unfortunately not at this time . 
the outside dimensions for the tardis are : each side 55 '' wide and 108 '' tall . that would be 4 ft 7 inches for each side , and 9 feet tall . 
no , there is nothing inside this item . thank you - toynk 
as you can see by other sellers of this item , this is the cost of the item currently on the market . we have not had any of our customers complain about this item . toynk 
almost imperceptible . i 've not looked but i do n't think there is even a fan in this unit . i belive it uses inaudible sound waves to create the mist . i have one in the kitchen and am tempted to get another for the bedroom . i belive the unit shuts off after 3 hours and or when it needs to be refilled . 
i would not use it as a humidifier . it emits a visible mist of the oil water mixture surrounding the device that carries throughout my home ( nice oil smell wise ) but not necessarily the way a humidifier distributes just moist air . an actual humidifier would be better if that 's what your looking for . 
yes but the scent will be milder as they are not as concentrated . good for a very small space . in a larger room you may find you want the oils 
no warranty that i know of , but the company was great when we had one of the 10 we own need replacing . 
use any essential , depending on what you are using mister for , ie : lavender oil is great for massages or meditating , orange oil is great for entertaining . oil is dropped into water reservoir . it 's really a great item 
the colors are green blue , yellow , pink , red 
no 
it is not difficult at all . just wipe the reservoir out , and fill with clean water . 
47.5 '' long x 24 '' tall x 18 '' wide 
it is a composite material . 
i do n't own this unit but i think it 's like a kitchen cart that i have . my `` marble '' top is actually mdf covered in a heavy contact-paper-like material that resembles marble 
10.5 by 8 inches . back of oven has a concave shape to fit a small pizza . 
yes , but the top has a very even toasted look while the bottom has toasted lines . still a good toasting on both sides . that was the problem with our old one , we had to manually flip the bread . 
16 wide x 9 high x 11 deep 
it does make a ding when turned off or the timer goes off . i do n't know if it can be disconnected . it 's not very loud . 
i googled it - found a website called small appliance.com and looked - they have it for your model . it has a scraper on both edges , not just the one like this one . good luck . 
my mixer has a 6.5 qt bowl and it fits that . this is not meant for the artisan series bowls as they are much smaller . check your bowl size 
you have to make sure it is an actual kitchenaid , i ordered from amazon said it fit my kitchenaid but it was a knockoff and it kept falling off so i ordered from jack penney and it was the real thing and it works great . just a note when i ordered it said it was a kitchenaid but when i received it it was n't although it did look identical . 
yes . purchased one last month and i can recommend this for the 6 qt bowl lift . initial mounting and dismounting required a little extra persuasion but became much easier in subsequent uses . 
yes , that is exactly what i bought it for 
i only have the stainless steel bowl . if you use the regular metal flat beater with the glass bowl this one should work though . 
i do n't have any idea . we returned the flex edge beater after one day . it did not work well enough for us to keep . 
scroll down the product 's page and you '' ll find it under features and details . cheers ! 
i do n't know the exact measurements but they always appear on the description of the article 
it is an off white . i would n't classify it as cream . it looks great with white but the back ground is not pure white . 
i do n't think so - it was a gift for someone so i can not look at it . 
mine did not . 
i just went to measure and it holds one cup . 
yes , feel free to either order online and contact us for discount , or call us at 1-800-972-9155 to estimate the savings based on quantity ordered . 
height : 24.50 '' , length : 20.30 '' , width : 20.50 '' 
hi tammy ! on the inside of the door , you have to pull the gasket to one side to expose the holes for the handle screws . hope this helps ! 
25 inches high , 22 inches wide , 21 inches deep . 
no , it does not vent in the front . the vents are on the left side , the back side and the right side . i remember seeing somewhere -- possibly in the instruction manual that came with it -- that the unit was designed for `` freestanding '' use and not for undercounter use , due to possible heat buildup that could reduce the unit 's ability to cool properly . 
i thing it runs continuously like your refrigerator . not sure of the power usage . however i did not notice a increase in my bikl 
l 19.5 w 20.25 h 24 all in inches 
the width they give is just the width of the desk itself so with the bookshelf included it 's twice the width . the bookshelf and desk are not connected 
yes 
if you are only putting the monitor on it sure but not the monitor and the tower . you would need to reinforce the shelve with `` l '' brackets under each shelf - that 's what i did because i have a lot of books on them and my wireless printer . it 's pretty study though , more than i expected it to be . 
the bottom shelf is just under 14 '' deep but sticks out about 15 '' as it is not up against the wall like the top shelves . the desk shelf sits out about 18 '' from the wall . 
it 's 29.5 '' from the floor to the top of the desk . we do not use it as a desk so i can not speak to how study it is with constant use . 
no . you can not adjust them . 
two . 
i 'm not 100 % certain but i always assumed it is a diff temperature because there is a separate `` tea '' button . 
13 `` 
medium grind works for me . 
yes there is a separate holder for tea 
yes , put the amount of water you want in the tank with the appropriate amount of coffee in the coffee filter basket and push the carafe button . 
by touch and visual sensing i would speculate a lightweight metal mesh . objectively i do n't know . i have used my capresso for about 13 months . i have not detected any change in the color or firmness of the material . i do wash the head and filter unit by hand after each use . 
i do n't have mine with me so i do n't have the exact size but when dry , its as big as my whole hand and once wet , it gets bigger and is bigger than my hand 
one 
yes 
on their website , it says that the base of their pans is steel and should work with induction cook tops . however their website does not have the evolve line on it yet , as such i can not be sure the statement also covers this line . i did test the bottom of the pan and magnets will not stick to it , so i am not sure as to whether this pan will work with induction cooktops . my guess is that it is all aluminum and will not work on induction cooktops . 
uh , no . 
i 've only had to clean burned food once , and i just covered the bottom with soapy water and let it soak overnight . in the morning , it wiped clean easily with no scrubbing . 
we have used it stove top and in the oven and have never had food stick . that does not mean that there is not something left behind to wash but in terms of being unable to get it out of the pan , no . 
a well seasoned iron skillet would be similar in performance , however many a cast iron pan has been ruined by incorrect handling and cleaning . if you 're experienced with cast iron and have properly maintained a cast iron skillet stick with it , but from scratch le creuset is foolproof . 
i have had no issues with using them on flat top electric stoves . just have to use a lower temp . 
mine made in france . 
you should probably go for the smaller size for an omelet . 
no 
if you bought a le creuset , at their price and it sticks , , return it . 
yes ! as with all cast iron , you can easily transfer all le creuset from stove to oven to make delicious dishes . i love my collection . take good care of them and they will last you forever . 
yes 
cleans up really easy with soap and water . i use mr clean erasers with anything stubborn . love these pans ! 
i got two pillow cases and two throw pillows also 
i would not buy this . the truth is , it is machine washable . i washed it on a gentle cycle and put in dryer . bunched up terribly . 
approximately 101 '' wide and 86 '' long 
yes . mine is at the highest setting . the top of the 37 '' tv is at about 50 inches from the floor . it looks like i could move it down only about 6 '' then it would be at its lowest point . 
yes , several lengths . 
it 's under 4 foot . it 's average eye level when sitting down . so it 's ok for the price paid at the time 
no , if you do that mount wo n't hang on tv stand . go home depot or lowe 's and see if they have pre-drilled strip metal dont spend over $ 10 . she may want to carry tv plate with her . otherwise order new universal tv plate from amazon ( $ 15-20 bucks ) . 
i use mine with a 48 '' tcl roku tv without incident ( so far ) . if the unit is going to remain in one place and not be moved often , it should be ok. the new led tvs are much lighter than their older plasma & lcd counterparts . if your tv weighs less than 75 pounds i think it might be ok. the only problem i had with assembling this unit was with the `` feet '' that screw on to the bottom of the base . the provided screws were ridiculous for this task . i had to find larger screws and use those . hope this helps ! merry christmas ! 
unfortunately not . only one slot for glass slot but it is placed perfectly . 
yes , it will fit . 
a generous mouthful 
nope . you drink right thru it . the top fits on top of the beer bottle . 
i would think it would have to be checked . 
the box says `` ceramic coating made in germany '' . this is suspicious because you expect to see just `` made in germany '' . barcode is 020100903018 but it does n't help to find anything about german connection . anyway this pot is working very good for me for frying and not for soup . i do n't like the warning `` please do not keep the food more than 8 hours '' in the pot . i also found some info from the internet reviews which states `` the coating is done in germany as well as the final assembly . the pot and panbase materials and parts are from hungary '' ( from the seller 's response to the buyer 's inquiry ) . 
i believe it is one year for factory defects . they wo n't cover any abuse with metal cooking tools or dishwasher injury . i 've use mine hard for 6 months and found it 's the best pot i 've got . still no scratches . you 'd have to be an idiot to burn anything in this pot . amazing ! 
yes it is . 
i have owned this product for over a year now , and could not be happier with it . i have not used it in an oven , but the description said it was `` professional quality '' , so i assume it could be oven proof . i do know that the coating is superior to anything i have ever used , and i feel it was a great investment . 
thank you for posting your question . the dimensions are 20.5 '' x 12 '' x 9 '' . this information can be found in centimetres on the product detail page under the `` product description '' section . hope this helps 
it does not . there is a `` well '' for the coffee side and hot water side . this is the best thing ever ! ! i love it ! ! 
yes it comes with a gold toned filter . 
about 10 minutes 
1775w 
no . 
i do n't know . the vendor , 45th street bedding , may be able to answer that question . i 've been very happy with my king-size wool mattress pad ! it arrives oversized to account for shrinkage after laundering , which i think is a sign of quality and common sense . hope this helps . 
hi paul . this mattress pad is available in all standard mattress sizes . thanks , 
yes 
hi , thanks for submitting your question . according to the product information on the product page , the mattress pad has a 100 % cotton cover . this is the only information we have regarding the top outside of the mattress pad . i hope this helps ! 
i believe the only materials are cotton and wool - no synthetics . 
absolutely not true the blender is 250 watts . the original was 350 they cheapened the design and are riding on the name . the only place i saw specs was on the bb website so hopefully my link works . http : www.bestbuy.com site magic-bullet-blender-black 1013848.p ? id=1218208323341 & skuid=1013848 
i make other smoothies but have n't made a green one yet . the ones we made were great 
yes it does . if you 've never had a bullet you will love it ! ! 
the cabinet is 18 1 2 '' wide , by 47 1 2 '' long by 37 1 2 '' tall and we are very pleased with it . 
the doors are 21.5 `` 
36.5 '' x 48 '' w x 18.75 '' d 
yes , they are adjustable and removable . in fact , i have removed mine so i can store taller items in there . 
i own this item . it is 48 inches long , 18.75 inches deep and 36 inches tall . hope this helps ! 
i would estimate 12 '' by 12 '' by 6 '' . 
place cut up vegetables in steamer basket and place over a saucepan of boiling water . cover tightly and let vegetables cook until fork tender . the time this will take depends on the size of the vegetable pieces and how many vegetables are in the steamer . usually takes no longer than 10 minutes for average amount . when finished , drain and serve with a flavored vinegar or your favorite dressing . 
on the packaging , it is not marked exactly where it 's made , however , you can contact charles viancin usa . tel is ( 614 ) 221-1691 ( columbus , ohio ) and email sales @ charlesviancin.com . 
to add to rachel 's comment , the fan will stay on for a short while when the unit is shut off ( or it is automatically shut off via the thermostat ) . this may be a safety feature to cool the inside down and or extract the remaining heat . 
this unit has dual timer settings that can be used to turn the heater on up to 12 hours in advance so your room is warm when you come home , or you can turn the heater off up to 12 hours after it 's been in use . 
13.5 inches tall , 7.5 wide , and 12 deep 
it is noisy like a small fan is noisy . not sure why other people say it is quiet , because the heater i bought ( and later returned ) produced noise like a fan . it has a blower within the heater that pushes out the warm air . if you use it at night and you are accustomed to using a fan , the noise might not bother you . but , the orange light is really bright at night . my recommendation is to go to any local store that has a good return policy , buy a similar heater and try it for a few days . then , you can return it if you like . 
noooooo ... i would n't do it . optimum tea brewing for japanese green tea ( my favorite ) occurs at 180 degrees . this pot is perfect for that but as a container not preparer . i would not put heat in direct contact with the glass . even bodum recommends using a `` trivet '' when warming tea . this pot is not designed for direct boiling of water . sorry . 
you can use the glass pot in the microwave without the strainer and lid press . several places online say that the glass pot alone is microwave safe . 
there are no glass handles . the handle you see in the picture is plastic . i 've been using my press for about 3 years and have never had a problem . very sturdy . 
yes , mine has a light brown tint now . 
i also purchased a tea pot warmer that uses a tea light candle . it keeps the pot of tea just the right temp for drinking for several hours or until i finish the pot . 
only place i found filters was at bed , bath and beyond ... ..manufacturer of unit and replacement filters is homedics ( unit is packaged as sharper image but they 're no longer in business ) . 
what do you mean ? 
yes 
yes . 
i have unit and it covers a 250 sq feet pretty well 
it 's more of a darker brown.i was sent the wrong size so i can ; t help you with the other question . 
thank you for your interest in our product . yes , the product dimension is 18 x 29 x 18 inches . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
dear customer , unfortunately , that option is not currently available . 
yes , the rug does have a nonskid backing . i hav washed it several times and dried outside and it is still . beautiful with backing intact . i am happy with it . 
texture varies slightly , but yes it definitely shows footprints . very nice feel on your feet though ! 
soft , dose not skid , do n't know about water ... ..but a good buy . 
no - satisfied with the victorio . . .have used it to extract juice from our apples and grapes , if anything i have found some of the norpro products to be less than satisfactory - the are carried by a local vendor here and do n't seem to hold up as well as other brands i have purchased . 
i have a kitchenaid glass top range that cycles , it worked just fine . 
the main company is located in orem , utah . if you go online they have a customer service phone number you could call . 
yes 
called them , it happen to me . they replace unit as it was under warranty . 
this item is made in china . 
i usually do 7 eggs at a time and it takes about 5 min . or less . they are done perfectly . 
no , it does n't . once the buzzer rings , you have to pull the electrical cord from the outlet . 
when the timer goes off it emits a loud alarm . it does shut off but it is important to take the eggs out asap since they will continue to cook even after it shuts off . the alarm will sound until you unplug it . it 's a safety feature . 
i only use large eggs and have had no issues with the time . 
large eggs fit in the tray for hard boiled eggs , which works like a gem ! but large eggs are too big for the poached egg tray . will spill over and make a mess . i 've tried it several times and my father has the same problem with the large eggs wit his same cooker . i 'm going to be trying the medium eggs , but have not to this date . 
if they have them they should be the size of a twin mattress . i noticed that on my queen it is a few inches shorter on the foot end but i am 6ft and do n't come close to the end of the topper . before you order measure your mattress and then have amazon customer service help you verify the toppers width and length as well as thickness . i hope this helps you . 
do n't know how to calculate it , but it 's pretty dense , quite comfortable 
it floats in water . is really soft . very soft . i recomended gel infused one . 
yes 
i used this on a glass bowl and a ceramic bowl . it is a perfectly designed device . simple and easy to use . i will use it everytime i want to crack a fresh egg . 
yes according to the information i have it is both . 
click on your cart ! ( usually upper right corner of screen ) . 
approximately , 15 by 15 inches , give or take an inch . 
as far as i know , this is the largest size that offers the chop and pour function . 
we have n't had any issues with rust at all 
no 
mine has not . it has been sturdy . i did take note of the reviews and do n't leave them in standing water , so it wo n't rust . i am very happy with this set . 
hi , the set i bought is all shiny , not seeing any brushed . this silverware is very sturdy and durable . holds up in dishwasher . heavier weight & great for everyday use or special occasions . i bought a set for 8 then turned around & bought another set for 4. the best i 've used in 58 years of life . hope this helps you . p.s . well worth the money . 
the cost for domestic shipping is us $ 4.44 . international shipping rates will vary . 
it 's printed on standard poster paper 
i just took a close look and it 's a cig . 
no 
36 x 24 inches 
i use them on gas , but they will become soot streaked after a while ... wo n't clean off with soap . but , otherwise , no problem ... the glass is very durable . definitely a clean way to cook , as far as avoiding heavy metals in your food . 
yes you can use the on the glass top electric stoves . they work on all cooking surfaces . 
i 'm sorry , but it is a set , and it does n't sell separately . do a search on amazon . i saw a few options . sorry i ca n't help any more . 
no ... ... ... . 
the box says metal free 
it is stamped made in france on the handle . 
what size if the large saucepan 
absolutely fine to use over gas burner , we do it all the time , and in the oven . however , be careful with the lids , because they do not appear to be the same quality glass as the pots . one of ours shattered when subjected to rapid cooling 
yes 
if that is what is standard in the u.s. , then i guess it is . however , the thing is junk . i used it twice then put in my donation box and gave away . 
i do n't know but if you live near a fry 's grocery this grill is on sale for 7.50 - just got one today . 
i have not tried to do mini-pies so can not answer ; sorry . using bread and fruit is the closest i have come ... it is like a turnover with a mini-pie taste . 
110 watts 
i am sorry , i do n't know . i gave it to someone as gift . 
i looked all over and was unable to find a manufacture date . i am sorry . i do want to reassure you that i use this oven just about every day and i still love it . it works well and saves on heating up the big oven on the range . 
in the rotisserie function the convection is in operation also 
yes it is white . the dimensions are 24 1 2 wide by 14 1 2 deep by13 1 2 high . i may be a 1 4 inch over on each measurement . 
yes in fact wife bakes cookies in 16x11 pan all the time 
yes 
no . i have not found a need for it , for roasting i use the bake in bags . 
what are the exterior dimensions 
in original package and does n't say , sorry 
standard . 
they do match the port elizabeth blue comforter ! 
39 '' x 85 '' is an xl twin sheet dimension . xl twin is typically 5 '' longer in length than a standard twin . 
yes they are , 15 '' 
we took it to my son 's dorm . it was deep , but i do n't think it was 17 '' or more . sorry , i ca n't check it . 
it measures 11 1 2 '' wide by 11 1 2 '' deep by 8 '' high . almost like a little box - i love this toaster ! hope this helps you . 
i have not found a way . it beeps twice and if you are trying to be quiet , it is n't , but it is n't long beeps and you get used to them . nice if you have left the room and do n't want your toast to get cold . it would be nice to be able to either adjust the volume or turn off . 
its just shy of 6 '' long and 6 '' deep . it fits bigger slices than your typical `` white bread '' slices . i too was not sure as to whether to buy this toaster or not . i can assure you that i am quite happy with the toaster and its many functions 
i have had no problems with large slices . i love the toaster . 
yes 
german company made in thailand 
i need to edit my response . i was replying to two questions on different products and got them confused . i 'm not sure where the konitz coffee bar was manufactured . i will say that it 's a very nice set . sorry for the confusion . 
since the smallest size provided in a standard keurig is 6 oz , i do n't think so . each of these cups holds 3 oz . 
it will hold a tad more than 3 oz , but the liquid will be right to the rim . ( i just filled it to the rim and dumped it in a measuring cup and was just shy of 4 oz . ) 
i just tried it and i 'd say no . 
2.67 inches ( 68 mm ) tall . 
standard 
hi , 100x90 thanks ! 
hi there , the king quilt is 100x90 thanks ! 
i guess i am not sure what `` specific '' bedskirt would go with that one . but i am sure you could find one to match . the quilt is absolutely beautiful ! 
thanks for your question ! the 3 piece set is only available in king on the amazon site but we do have the 5 piece set available in queen size . you can see it here : www.amazon.com dp b00brq7fsq we also have the quilt on its own here : www.amazon.com dp b001qc257c i hope this helps ! 
according to the owner 's manual : `` limited warranty* one ( 1 ) year '' ( with dated proof of purchase ) . check out -- www.maxi-matic.com 
yes , it comes with an oven tray . 
yes the griddle is removable , and so is the crumb tray , but i couldnt quite figure out the baking rack . i imagine there 's a way , but it does n't just slide out . ( try not to get cheese on it ) 
10 inches wide . 9 inches deep . 6 inches high . 
yes i use it a lot for my hot tea and if u are using it for a longer brewing time i just set the pot on the hot plate part of it 
yes 
yes it is . 
you can set the timer to whatever time you need or want . 
no it does not . but i really love this toaster oven ! 
yes 
no , but it cleans up nicely ... ..it has a slide out tray that makes it much easier to get rid of crumbs or clean . we use it frequently . we give it 10 stars ! 
hi , the approximate outside dimensions are 14 3 4 '' wide . 10 1 4 '' deep ( plus handle ) and 9 '' high . the approximate inside dimensions are 10 1 4 '' wide , 8 3 4 '' deep and 6 3 4 '' high . we love the oven ! frank 
15 1 2 '' long x 6 1 2 '' wide x 7 '' tall 
aproximately : w 15 `` x d 11 3 4 '' including handle on front ... 8 3 4 '' high..love it.. 
hi , carlene yes , the elastic is all the way around . the sides of the sheet are 15 inches deep . 
yes thats a standard size ; - ) 
yes 
i always wash my sheets in hot water . this one did not shrink when washed . hopefully this helps . 
yes it should . i used it for a thick queen sized inflatable mattress for kids , and it fit just fine . 
yes , grey should be available within a week 
i have the queen size on an 11 inch queen mattress , and it fits just fine . 
it comes on a nice canvas , but it does n't wave a frame , looks just like the photos , just no frames . i bought frames for mine . 
mine came without peel off stuff . i tried my best , have my family and friends to try as well , and became a butt of joke on this . there was nothing to peel . there was absolutely nothing to peel . bol to you if you get this to peel . 
you can use the double sided tape . 
if im not mistaken is 20x20 but wait until you get them so u can be sure . because they look huge . 
hi , if you want with framed , it will take 89 $ for it.thank you . 
hi , lakeisha , if you want with framed . please contact bythehear directlyb thank you . 
1500 
you can lift the kettle off the base ( heating element ) the base keeps the cord attached to it , but the kettle can lift off and be moved correct . in other words the base has an electrical cord plugged into the wall outlet that is all one unit . the kettle sits on the base and can be lifted on and off . 
hey pat , this kettle is made in china . source : looked at the bottom of the kettle . if it matters , i 've never had a problem with this kettle and i would recommend it to my family and friends . edit : i am an avid tea drinker . i would notice any weird taste in my water . i thought this might be relevant . 
i use the lid anytime grease is splattering . i also use the lid to heat meat more uniformly such as when cooking sausage , hamburgers , etc . to ensure that the meat cooks through . the same issue will be true when cooking especially hard veggies that take more time to cook ( carrots , potatoes [ home fries ] , etc . ) . you do n't want to burn the potato or carrot before it is cooked through especially if it is not par boiled first . 
i do n't believe they sell the lid as part of a set rather it is separate . there are sets but usually the top is another pan unless it is the dutch oven ( which is sold with a lid ... not glass ) 
instructions state tempered glass lid and knob are oven safe to 400 degrees . however , i have never used the lid in the oven . 
yes , it is oven safe to 400 degrees . also dishwasher safe ... 
absolutely . after mixing the flour with the wet ingredients it should rest if possible for 15 min approx . this allows the flour to absorb all the moisture and that makes it less sticky to press . i use heavy plastic ( cut from freezer baggies ) on both sides and just peel off and toss on hot cast iron flat pan . every dough i have tried comes out great . 
yes , work a great 
order one and return if it is bad . in my experience , the press is great . 
my fiance who is just under 120lbs and 23 years of age sat in these with my 4 year old niece . it held her just fine and i would say it could probably hold a little more . they are built strong . however , i would n't let anyone who is over 120 sit in them regularly . they are made for smaller children and not that large of a seat for older kids teenagers . 
12 inches . 
product dimensions : 63 x 22 x 73 inches 
i do n't believe it is . it is in my warehouse and not available for me to check . i do remember that you could buy a set of extensions for longer garments like wedding dresses . i do n't remember the cost for the extension accessory . 
there are two upright poles one for each side . very easy to assemble an i 'm handicapped . 
i think it weighed somewhere between 15 and 25 pounds , the base is one solid 6 ' piece of square steel . the wheels are heavy duty ( not plastic ) so the shipping box is heavy and somewhat awkward . 
thank you for your inquiry . i have sent the link to our listing department to double check the posted pricing . please watch the listing tuesday to see if it has changed . thank you ! 
place shield on bolt thread facing downward towards wheel , place washer on top of wheel shield , thread thru bolt hole , place flat washer or lock washer on top of assembly then install bolt an tighten 
yes , the height can be adjusted . 
everything is metal..the only thing that is rubber is the bumper guards above the tires to prevent you from hitting anything ... great product 
i seem to recall that they were offered , but it 's pretty tall as it is . the bar is at least 6 feet high . 
i have the b75 , my mug is 6 inches tall and if you take the overfill base off you can go to 71 2 inches.i would not try any taller . hope this helps 
choices is 4,6,8,10 , or 12 ounces 
with the lid flipped all the way up it is 17 inches 
1500 watts . added information you might want ... 120v 60hz all this information is located by the model number on the bottom of every keurig . 
one difference is that this has a 75oz reservoir vs the 60oz reservoir in the b70 . i do n't know if the internals are any different . i hope they have improved the durability of the machine . it is strange there are so few reviews of this new machine . 
yes the chair is a rocker.i have had mine for a while with no problems . 
22 inches 
hi , i have this recliner . i have had it for a couple of months . my dog has not tried to bite it , so i do n't know if it would stand up to that . fot ghe first month i had a sheet over it as i was sleeping in it after having surgery . it it very comfortable . if you have long legs it may be too short when you have your legs out over the leg rest . it is not a heavy chair , so if you recline too much you may have a problem . i love my chair , and my height is 5 foot 2 inches and i weight 136lbs . 
debra , they should work ok. just cut your pie crust into circles to fit . gently press the dough against the sides , to ensure your shape . you could use a cream cheese pie crust and simply press them in place without cutting them into shape . when removed from the units the pies will have a cute scalloped edge , looks like a little flower . enjoy 
the label reads as follows : packaged in the usa , responsibly made in china . 
sure , you can use them for anything that does n't get hotter than 475 degrees . 
this product is not 'a pan ' as such but is 12 individual silicone molds . they are about 1 1 4 '' tall and depending on how you measure due to the scalloped edge , about 2 1 2 '' across . i found them to be a bit smaller than a regular small cupcake or muffin . you would need to set them on a flat baking sheet for convenience in getting all 12 of them in and out of the oven . 
absolutely ! i use mine every week in the oven or microwave . the first time you use them , you need to spray them with a cooking spray . since i use them so often , i do n't spray them with cooking spray anymore . the baked product comes easily out of the silicon cup . this is true whether in oven or microwave . i have even used them for a molded baked custards and individual molded jello desserts . 
they are bendable and pull away easily , it 's a great product they do n't turn white . 
sorry , i do n't know . but ... ... . is there anything that is n't now made in china ? ( smile ) on vacation but will check when i get home in a few days if you like . if it says . 
i bought these molds . i did not buy the squares . they are two inch molds . i bought two sets because i wanted to make brioche rolls . they work very well just follow the instructions that you get with them . 
have no idea what panna even means ... ..however the cupcake molds are wonderful ... i have a set for my baking and a set for my soap making 
8 feet maybe ? 
6 feet long from top of fabric to bottom 
ummmmm , they 're okay . out of the dryer , they 're gorgeous , but i would n't let them sit in the dryer all day and expect anything other than a rumply mess . hope that helps ! 
i can not tell you why they dont but they are very nice 
yes and it is super soft extremely comfortable i love them . 
yes , it does . i have many other travel mugs , and this by far is the best one . it takes a bit for the plastic smell in the cap to dissipate , but i have dropped it and tipped it upside down , and no leaks . i recommend it . 
yes it fits under my vue 
the lid is dishwasher safe but the rest is hand wash only . 
no way . stupid thing ran like 4 red lights 
u have to move the bottom plate out but yes it does and it actually kepps ur coffee hot for four plus hours amazing cup well worth the money 
remove bottom tray & lid 
yes 
i would say `` no '' , the liquid has to convert to steam in order to cook . also becareful of the seasoning and liquid that you use , i used a sugar base seasoning and beer and burnt the bottom of my cooker . i let the liquid evaporate too much . i was doing a lime flavored sweetcorn . 
holds 7 quarts to the rim . i have done 18 ( 36 pieces ) ears of sweet corn halved and added 25 oz can of limearita and tex mex seasoning . cooked 40 min after start of steam . 3 pieces left . i have also done chicken , potatoes , carrots , onion and sweetcorn with limearita , s & p . 40 min when steam starts . good comments from guests . i also have done other foods . 
very little , you can barely feel the steam out the weep hole . less than 1 psi i think . 
i wish i were able to help you . my son in law wanted this for christmas . he never has mentioned to me what he uses it for . all i know is my daughter said he really liked it .. so sorry 
noreen , this is not electric . i have used it on the grill or open fire . i take it camping , the back yard , the kitchen , you name it . if it is hot , if it has coals , i can cook with it . noreen , i suggest you go on line and look at the site , http : www.cancooker.com all your questions will be answered there . noreen , i use it a lot . but i am also a huge fan of the cast iron camp fire cooking pans . i think a lot of it has to do with being different and having a great meal to share . please , make sure this is what you want before you purchase . like i said , i use it and i love it . 
yes there a cookbook . it will help you get started and it does a good job . 
no it does not 
sorry this is so late . the color reads as turquoise , there is no blue in this quilt . it is stunning with white , cobalt blue touches and a touch of citrus green . i am an artist and these colors are in bedroom and my kitchen . 
i do n't know the exact measurements , but i am using the one labeled as a `` queen size '' on my twin size bed , and it is huge . it would most definitely be big enough for a queen size ! ! 
soft , thin , and heavy . not puffy . we love it . 
i do n't believe i have a twin xl mattress . but on my regular twin the coverlet starts at the top where the mattress begins and there is still a foot of material past the end that hangs over . 
yes , i have a queen pillow top and it fits great ! 
it 's more green than blue . 
it is a cotton and poly bed spread with many rows of stitching . very pretty and durable for a teenagers bed . 
hello , we do n't have any more stock of this item right now , and we 're not sure when we 'll be able to get more . i 'd suggest checking our website from time to time to see if this item is available . if anyone is selling it , you 'll see a `` more buying choices '' box on the product detail page . if it 's not available from any sellers , you might see an `` alert me '' link ; `` alert me '' allows you to sign up to be e-mailed when amazon has stock available for purchase . we hope to see you again soon . 
no only usa and canada 
all incredibeds simply zip up around a twin mattress and box spring . its like a fitted sheet that covers the mattress set . 
no sorry only twin 
i have n't washed it . i dont use it to cover up . sorry , im not much help . 
it fits a little smaller than i 'd like but it 's true to size . 
i think so , but i really ca n't remember . if the site does n't say so they are probably not . a lorenzo 
yes 
i have used them in the microwave but not the freezer . 
unknown 
it is made in the us . the lable says ; 120v ac ; 60 hz and 0.6 m. hope this helps . i love mine and have given kitchen aid products as gifts too . 
great question . i could n't find the answer anywhere and i was considering ordering this . per the rep at kitchenaid , it is 145 watts . 
true stir ... ... 
depends on how deep your bowl is ! obviously the faster the speed , the more it splatters . all in all a good product . 
search this number to get it in queen size b00f6rg0l0 
hi , no it is not quilted and the pale blue colour on the pic is actually more on the turqoise shade . regards , elina 
doubt it as a seller and a buyer shipping prices are set for in usa cost not overseas cost i have gone the extra mile and shipped to the us virgin islands but overseas just cost to much so we do not have enough profit margin to eat that cost sorry 
a california king is longer and not as wide as a king so width wise you should be fine . length wise , it would be short but i think it looks better to fold the top down anyway to reveal the green underside and break the pattern up a bit so then the length would n't matter . ; ) hope this helps . 
the curtian is lightweight and beings in light can not see anything through it . i have a plastic white liner hanging with it and you can not see anything through it . 
it is not see through , although it passes good amount of light - therefore no need for separate lighting in the shower . yes , it is mold resistant . i am very happy with it . 
i put a liner behind it just in case ... . nothing but bleach is mold proof . & gt ; . & lt ; the fabric is porous so i doubt it . 
it 's black and some shades of gray . 
no , it feels like light weight silk . and it does not float up with hot water steam like some do . i love it . it changed the whole look of my bathroom . 
70 inches by 70 inches 
solid black . it does n't look as nice as this photo at all . it 's much more basic , kinda a geometric blocked tree . i was hoping it looked this good , but it is far from the photo description . 
no you do n't need to . we did n't . it works fine . 
31.25 '' high 23.25 '' wide 
yes we hung it on a stone wall with no problems . 
yes . the jersey will be a little longer than the case , but i simply folded it under . it looks nice . 
i do n't know the exact dimensions , but i was able to fit a large army dress shirt in it , but had to fold the arms on top . it is a pretty good size . 
depth is 3 4 inch 
it would appear to be plexiglass . 
hi , according to le creuset website they 're made in china . 
the brand name is present on back of handle . its not engraved but appears as black paint . has not scratched so far . 
yes 
yup ! 
yes the bottoms are flat . 
they are 3.5 '' from the curve of the spoon cup to the edge of the handle 
i went to google to find their location in fairfield , ca , for you and called them @ 1-707-453-0620. they had to get back to me , but yes , they are 18 10 stainless steel . they are engraved with the sizes for permanance . they do n't rust , they measure accurately , and they work fine . 
absolutely ! get a soft toothbrush and slowly wipe the surface down.whatever you do do n't try to wipe the surface with your bare hands , they will cut your hands like little razors ! 
no . pf2 is for the black berkey filters . pf-4 is for the ceramic berkey filters . 
these filters last practicly forever , if you keep them clean they do n't realy wear out , if you are filtering tap water you will need to clean them once or twice a year , more often if the water is more contaminated . they do filter very slowly so you might consider adding extra filters to speed up the process , i have 3 in mine and i 'm adding a fouth . otherwise these filters work fantastik ! 
yes they do . they come with everything you need to change the filters in your berkey . 
i guess the black ones are supposed to filter out more stuff but i 've tried the black ones and do n't like them as they seem to plug up much sooner and are harder to clean than the white ones . the white ones are great and i 've been using them for about sixteen years , not the same set but the white filters . 
i can not find any reference to the ceramic filters actually removing heavy metal ions.the company does say that their black filters remove heavy metal ions including arsenic . 
yes , the 9 '' filters will fit the big berkey as well as the british berkefeld systems . the only size we do not recommend the 9 '' filters for is a `` travel berkey '' as they are too tall to work effectively . there are 7 '' filters that work well for that system . additionally , we sell a larger filter for the `` imperial berkey '' . please let us know if you have any other berkey filter questions . 
yes to both , and mine are still going strong : ) 
hi , aaron . no corner ties . but will work good with same size duvet cover 
china 
yes . dry cleaning is recommened though 
no it will not . my couch is 91. it was too tight . it did loosen and fits better now . but still not perfect . 
my is only 19 '' . but it is very stretch so i am very positive that will work 
yes it fits very well , but you ca n't recline in it . it looks wonderful though and fits great ! 
it probably will but theae slip covers are very poorly sown so i would n't even waste time unless you dont sit on the couch ever abd that is impossible . a week into having them i through them out even if you re sow them its still noticeable 
no i had to send it back . 
depending on how high your bed frame is off the floor , it may need some tweaking . other than that , an inexpensive way to give some added support . it slid onto my metal frame with no trouble . 
it did help but i also bought some bed slats to make sure of support . 
these supports are designed to interlock with a metal rail . the ends consist of an open metal clamp of about a 1 8 '' clearance in which a metal bed rail fits . these are not designed for wood bed rails . 
it fits a queen sleeper sofa mattress , which is much thinner than a regular mattress . it will not fit a regular queen size bed mattress . 
dear bluestarsolo , yes you can . it 's very thin ... no padding . it 's not a mattrass pad . 
i think its a result of the machining process to build the pan . not a problem for a gas stove , but the reduced contact area makes it very troublesome to use with a flat surface electric . i returned two of these that had this same issue and bought an alternative pan . 
larry , i looked at the pan itself and it does not state where made . i did keep the instructions on how to care for the pan and it does not say where it is made either , but under lifetime warranty it has an address to return if has defects and it is lifetime brands inc. po box 9750 , trenton nj 08650-1750. hope this helps . 
hot water is sufficient . you do n't ever use soap on cast iron . it takes away the oil on the surface . 
yes . it comes preseasoned , and that would imply a food safe oil was baked onto the pan . no ptfe . 
looks like it is 8 1 2 '' . by the way , i really like the skillet . 
i never measured , but my son has a standard twin mattress on it and it fits perfectly . the rails do n't come up over the mattress too much though , so if your little one is small you might want to get a bedrail for one side and maybe the head . 
i 'm not there currently to measure but it 's the size of a twin mattress . lots of space for kids to play 
yes 
i would say no . it needs to be a twin mattress . a toddler mattress would leave space through which a child could fall . 
i put the bed together by myself in about 4 hours . it was n't very difficult and would be quicker with 2 people . the box was bulky and probably 80 pounds . i needed my husband 's help to carry it inside . i ended up taking parts out of the box and moving them to the room i was assembling in . 
hello , as this item is sold by independent sellers on amazon , the price is set by the sellers themselves , and not by amazon.com . we are therefore unable to comment on the price of this item . additionally , we can not offer information regarding prices from other stores . thanks . 
i put it toward the front of the humidifier . i hope that helps ! 
was fast shipping . product was what i needed 
that 's not one of the numbers listed in the description , so i would guess it does n't . 
once a year ... ... at the end of the season you are using it to put humidity into the air . what i do is after winter is over , clean the unit real well and then install a new filter . next time i use it ... ... it 's ready to go ~~ 
one 
yes 
these are the thinner ones and do n't last long . 
it stays on for two hours then automatically turns off . stays really hot . 
no , no lights . hard to see sometimes . 
yes it is , you can set it up the night before and have hot coffee the next morning . the only downfall is that the this coffee maker is programed to stay hot for only two hours , my old one stayed hot for 4 hours . otherwise very nice coffee maker . 
7.5 '' should be about max . 
the back is not one solid piece . the top holds the hot coffee when it is brewed . you can clean & fill the top with water at your sink & then pour the water into the bottom for brewing . 
the drip plate itself is metal . it sits inside a plastic reservoir . very easy to pop out & clean . 
the cord is 25 inches long . 
the grill works fairly well . but not big enough to cook four regular size burgers . it does the job . i am mostly cooking for two these days . 
this never came with a drip pan . i just payed down some paper towels and it was fine . very little mess . 
what are you cooking ? this is like any other appliance it takes about 3-4 minutes to get to it 's main temp . so i plug it in and put my meat on when i 'm ready . 
red red 
mine is 24 inches 
a paper towel will not work ! especially if you 're making bacon ! ! 
german company but made in china . 
yes , i believe so . 
well the pans are not teflon coated so if you add meat without oil and do n't pay attention it will stick . on the other hand i do n't use them for meat si i had no problems yet . cheers , mike 
in china 
i do not think it 's made in germany , it would say so on the pots and pans , i would very much have preferred it being made in germany . i turned the pans , carton and booklet upside down to find out where it was made , to no avail . that is unusual . 
no . it gets slightly warm but not at all uncomfortable to hold . 
yes 
i do n't konw , my sister use them now ~ 
2.5 quarts . i just measured it . 
i got these as a gift for my daughter . i could ask her if you really want to know but i would not buy them ! they are so thin that when you hold them to wash or mix they dent in . sure the dent often comes out when you release the pressure but i found them unsuitable . 
the drawer is real and is built very well . 
yes it comes fully assembled 
no this is not for cooking for but rather to make ice or you can pour melted chocolate and put it in the refrigerator but it 's not for baking . 
yes , i 've done it many times and it held up well . 
china 
yes 
no ironing needed . but it is oversized . it 's really colorful . 
yes it does it a beautiful piece ! 
6 inch 
double ground blade , and worth the money . 
this knife is single edge . very sharpe . 
yes it is 
i can not determine if there is a full tang . the handle is very solid , but i do n't know how long the tang is . it does not go through to the end of the wooden handle like other chinese knives that i own . 
i just read a review by some other customer about this product different brand `` compact table top grinder -110volts 2 ltrs '' . she has already bought and tried it for producing nut butter . i have copy pasted her question comment . since she has already bought it , you can probably ask her user experience . normally , in my country we use this primarily for grinding soaked rice , lentils , beans and black gram etc . i bought this item to make nut butter for my raw food restaurant where we make our own almond butter . the most efficient way i have found to do this is to first process the nuts in a cuisanart until they are pretty fine , then add them to the stone grinder . we add almond oil for a smooth consistency . if you leave the top of and help it along with a spatula for the first five minutes and then let it go for another five . another review said you should n't let it run for more than a half hour because the motor is n't that strong and it usually takes less than ten minutes to make about 4 cups of ... jennifer s. answered on october 10 , 2013 
gandhi appliances 
i bought this to grind wet corn treated with all , and made my own masa dough . it was perfect . i have a magic mill as wellmas kitchenaid grain mill attachment for dry grain grinding . 
with rice 4 cups and urad dal 1 cup we can grind in 2 litr ultra grint its better 2 litr as per ur requirements 
no 
ultra grinder is not nsf certified . contact inno concepts . they may have a grinder with documentation that might help you to present to your food inspector . 
not with this model . however , the new model you will be able to add ingredients while grinding . http : www.amazon.com elgi-ultra-perfect-2-0-liter-110-volt dp b00hjln1mm ref=sr_1_12 ? ie=utf8 & qid=1399570327 & sr=8-12 & keywords=ultra+2+liter 
i would say it is a 3 but softens as it is broken in . i am very happy with the chair now but at first it felt a bit stiff but not anymore . it is so great to be able to have 2 people recline in it : - ) 
no , you have to having it sitting about 8-10 '' from the wall to be able to fully recline . it does n't stay in the recline position either . you have to sit all the way back and lay still for it to stay in recline . any movement and it starts closing . 
yes , other than this color , the recliner is available in 3 other colors . brandan bonded leather dual reclining loveseat asin b00bk7ryjm taos black bonded leather dual reclining loveseat asin b00dca5wu8 sensation camel tan microfiber double reclining loveseat asin b00dca5d02 just search the name or the asin number of the recliner and you should be able to see those . 
i 'm about 205 # , and i barely make a dent when i sit in it . i would say it could easily support 500 # . 
yes , they feel heavy . not as heavy as her stoneware but like a normal dinner plate . 
made in china 
no 
no 
no i do not believe the eggplant colored dishes will match this set . the darker color on the plates is a cranberry red . 
yes , i have the cereal bowls stacked in my pantry . 
no they are not thin . the dishes are well made and have weight to them . 
stoneware 
the steam from the bottom pot is trapped and keeps the top warm . of course , you can not pour in cold water in the top pot and expect it to boil , but it does maintain the temperature as long as the bottom is warm . 
yes , that 's correct 
i do n't recall , could be made in china , however its pretty decent tea maker , i am happy with it after 6 months of usage , i have seen many different types brands from turkey , this would be the best you can ever buy in u.s. imo 
of course it is . the only plastic you see is the lid on top which does not touch the water . enjoy as we have . namaste ' 
hello serephia , the ultrastream is made of several approved plastic parts but are all very durable ; we travel with them all the time doing various demos . just flush it out and turn the diverter to the `` off '' position , wrap or pad it and it travels easily . call if need more information . 970-485-5955 . 
thank you for asking linda ; the ph can be adjusted to a range between 8.5 and 10. please feel free to call : 970-485-5955 or visit us at waterforhealthusa.com thank you for your interest . bert middleton 
i had the problem but then ran the descaling procedure from the instructions with the white vinegar - but a whole tank of it , not just a cup . you 're also supposed to leave the vinegar in for 4 hrs which i did n't do . it worked and the smell and taste are now great . when i opened the tank before doing the procedure the smell was really noticeable so i realized i had n't rinsed it well enough to start with . good luck ! 
it dispenses hot water over the k-cup in the brewer . if you do n't put in a k-cup , all you get is hot water . ( this is in the user manual . ) i have used it to brew tea using a tea bag instead of a k-cup , and it works well . the water is about 190 degrees ( not boiling ) . hope this helps ! this platinum brewer is great . the water reservoir holds plenty and the timer is very helpful . 
under the heading `` cleaning the water reservoir & water reservoir lid '' in the owner 's manual , it states : `` the water reservoir lid or water reservoir should not be put into the dishwasher . they should be cleaned with a damp , soapy , non-abrasive cloth and rinsed thoroughly . '' 
the keurig k75 stops heating when the water reservoir runs low . a blinking blue light will flash when it 's time to add more water . once more water is added the heating process will restart . 
yes it can by not putting in a coffee pod . 
this unit has a filter in the tank . the water filter kit is the filter element , the housing that the filter is contained in and the installation tool . 
it only takes about 10-15 seconds depending on the size that is selected . 
yes you can , this model has a water purifier built in ! i ca n't say enough about my keurig , i absolutely love it . i have spent a lot of money in the past on looking for the best and in this one i have found it . get a perfect cup every time in literally seconds . i have ordered another one for my boat . you wo n't be disappointed with this purchase ! 
they 're little plastic soup cereal bowls . kind of disappointing -- i 'm returning them . 
yes . like picnic dishes 
i did n't keep them . they were not as well made as my corelle dishes so i returned them . 
200 thread count 
it is cotton 
i did not receive the bedding so i got my money back . the company is dreadful with customer service . the bedding was delayed for a week over the due date , it still had not come by the time i asked for my money back and i have only recieved the refund today ( about 2-3 months after i ordered it ) . 
it works quite well in 20 x20ft . room . hope this helps . 
i do n't think i will answer your question , but might give you some help in determining which one fits you . this is only 15 inches tall and therein lies part of the answer you want . this will handle maybe the size of your living room . ( depending on how big of a place you have of course ) in the other guy 's full report on it , he stated that he bought two . changing the subject , i went to oreck and typed in the model # and came up with nada . he also stated that he has problems in getting filters for it , other than ordering it via a phone . so that might be two strikes against it already . i did n't happen to see what fs means to oreck . some places it means that the full warranty will apply . others it means that only 90 days . i think i 've decided that if i 'm going to spend over 100 bucks , i 'm going to get a little bigger unit and one that will handle a large area . hope this helps..ta ta 
the inside is plain stainless steel , highly polished . i think that is preferable to any coatings , as some coatings carry potential health risks . it also means it is remarkably easy to clean because you can use a bottle brush without worrying about tearing a coating . this bottle keeps things cold forever , and keeps them hot nearly as long . literally the best insulation i have ever experienced . 
thailand 
it 's really a thermos - not a travel cup . you screw off the lid and pour the contents into your cup . you could drink out of it but the whole top has to come off . 
mv trading have rose and stainless steel color . thanks 
this item is not plastic . there is no bpa . 
nope , the keurig k75 only holds up to 12oz , the zojirushi is 16oz . 
the flame has movement and comfortable lighting and heat . the remote control can be used to put the flame and heat on a timer thruout the night or simply for a few hours . 
only when that specific function is no longer in use the symbol will flash and then fade away 
it is plug and play . simple and easy to use 
the dimensions of this unit are 23.62 '' w x 20 '' h x 9.28 '' d. carlos 
you 'll have to run power to your fireplace . it has to be plugged into a three prong outlet . 
i 'm not really sure to be honest with you . our fireplace insert was built into out entertainment center so we have an electrical outlet to plug it into . as long as it is the right measurement as your fireplace i do n't think it would be a problem the only concern would be the plug in . 
this item has a built in blower fan at the top front of the unit . it 's the grate looking bar shown in the picture on the face plate . the air intake is the grate that is located at the top of the unit that is n't on the front . 
nominal width is 23 inches , per the model number , but measuring on the front for width and height gives : 22-1 2 inch wide by 19-1 2 tall by about 10 inches deep . it slides into the back of the tv stand wood cabinet , which is itself 14 inches deep at the insert area , that we bought with it at the same time , since they are a set ) . the wooden fireplace mantel ( top surface is 42x16 inches ) is 23de1447 and needs to be assembled , best by two people . we bought a 55 '' lg flat screen smart 3d tv to put on top , which has a stand that is about the max for the wooden mantel top , with the tv screen extending a couple inches beyond the mantel on each side , but nicely . no problems after having it a year . 
i just measured ours as 30 ' high ( tall ) . 25 1 2 ' wide ( left to right ) . 10 ' deep . we love ours . hope this helps . 
china 
yes , i use this for my hot yoga classes and it works wonderfully . i ca n't stand the feeling of microfiber so this alternate is ideal . 
hi there , we sell this product as turkishlux and we are selling a 100 % cotton product . we believe the listing to have a typo , likely due to copy paste error by the creator . you will see the 100 % cotton information on the towel itself as well . 
aqua . very pretty 
all i can answer for you , is that this strainer is a bit flimsy . i use it for brewing beer and if you want to strain anything that weighs more than a lb or two it bows real bad . go for one that costs a bit more unless you want it for a little bit of veg or pasta straining 
yes it is . 
it 's fairly fine-mesh -- we use it to strain broth . however , we 're not too picky about having the broth turn out clear -- if you care about that , you 'll probably need a second round with cheesecloth . overall , a nice , strong strainer , though ! 
yes ! as a matter of fact i just used it today to sift flour for a cake and it worked amazingly ! 
approximately 3 3 4 '' at deepest point 
18 inches 
no , honestly i do n't think so . it 's not fine enough . if you are straining milk i would spring for an even finer mesh or go the old-fashioned cheescloth route . 
no idea who make this , but i would be surprised if it was made outside china . i think i returned it , because ( as i recall ) it was shallower than i wanted expected . 
not really as it wo n't keep you warm ; but it is super soft and beautiful and works great for all seasons but winter 
this mattress pad fits like a fitted sheet . it is very soft on top and fits well . 
it really does ! washes extremely well . i 've only washed it 3 times so far and it came perfect ! great quality ! 
no . this is not a water proof pad . 
according to google . company profile : master tex is the leading manufacturers and exporters of all kind of quality woven fabric , knitted fabrics and garments with a good reputation in the ... mastertex ( hk ) ltd - exporter , manufacturer from hong kong . mastertex ( hk ) ltd. office address : room 403 lippo sun plaza 28 canton road tsim sha tsui , kowloon , hong kong . contact person : mr. kelvin wong . supplier data mastertex international - zepol 
i am not sure about adding comfort to a hard bed . i would say it adds a little plushness and cushion , if you are looking for more than that you may want to consider a memory foam with this mattress pad . 
i use an electric blanket on top of mine ... 
i would n't call it a chemical smell . it has a slight newly manufactured scent similar to some fabrics in fabric stores . like i said in my review , i washed it and hung it to dry . that took care of any smell it had at first . i must tell you that i have a very sensitive nose , and because of that , i do not use fabric softener . i find it too strong . so there was no detergent or fabric softener scent to `` cover up '' the mattress pad 's smell after washing , and yet i did not detect a smell after it was dried . 
pad , generally for protection , topper , to make more comfortable , this is a little bit of both , but i had a feather topper and used the pad for protection and because of the fitted sides , helped keep it in place . but it 's a nice little cushon too . 
i do n't know where you can get one , sorry . however , mine broke and it made no difference in the functioning of the cutter . the plastic wrap in my case does not fall to cling to the roll , but hangs over about an inch , clinging to the inside wall of the case . i am still happy with the device and use it constantly , but i do agree with others that the bar is really useless since it breaks within days . if they want a bar , they should make it out of metal . 
hi laiketa . i 'm sorry you are having difficulty with the wraptastic . after checking reviews , i chose to order a set called wrap master ( directly from their website . i have had that set ( one for plastic wrap , one for foil ) for a number of years with absolutely no problems . i have also ordered 2 other sets as gifts . if , for some reason , you ca n't get your replacement parts , you may want to consider this other product . 
it indeed made of plastic ! 
no . you need to purchase it from the store . but large rolls will not fit . i had a partially used stretch-tite 500 ft roll that did not fit . 
legs snap in . they are a bit tight so press a bit hard . the tube holders insert into ends of tube with a little squeeze of fins . otherwise pretty straight forward . 
i would love to help you out , but , despite being told the wraptastic shipped three weeks ago , i 've never received it . i ca n't stress enough how poor their service is , both in timely shipping and in customer response . 
refills for wraptastic 
i have a wraptastic dispenser and also a stretch-tite wrap'n snap 7500. the strectch-tite warp'n snap 7500 can be mounted under the cabinet or on the wall . the wraptastic dispenser does not have this capability as far as i can see . i went on amazon and fund the stretch-tite one and loved it . it is a little more expensive than the wraptastic but like everything you get what you pay for . the wrap'n snap works and cuts cleanly always . i put aluminum foil in the warptastic so i would guess that is one reason it cuts a little less cleanly but works find . check them out on amazon and i think you will like the wrap'n snap one . but if you are looking for cheaper the wraptastic works better with clear wrap ( which they also sell on amazon ) and you can get a lot of that on amazon that will last a considerable time . it is tough and i like it a lot . however , other than the fact it does not have capability for hanging the wraptastic works without a lot of fuss . 
the standard size store brand plastic wrap worked . reynolds brand aluminum foil roll did not work in it . 
yes it does . i suspect you 'll get a better cappuccino if you use a frother . 
no it does not light up . 
yes 
not 100 % sure but i think it 's china . just like everything else always is ... 
ours did not . however this way you can get the flavored zinc strength they you want . 
this is probably due to the fact that coffee ( all coffee ) contains acrylamide . there 's a wikipedia article on acrylamide to get you started : http : en.wikipedia.org wiki acrylamide . bottom line , this probably is not specific to the nespresso product or nespresso coffee . 
i could find no voltage switch on my machine to change to a 220v service . it appears to only use 110 . 
i do n't see the word kosher on the bottles but if you really want to know check www.concessionequipment.net . the syrups are manufactured for deuester company . 
water , high fructose corn syrup , citric acid , artificial flavor , sodium bensoate ( perservative ) is in all of them & then in the blue raspberry fd & c blue # 1 ; in the grape fd & c red # 40 , and fd & c blue # 1 ; cherry fd & c # 40 ; orange is natural flavor ( gum arabic , glyceryl abietate , brominated soybean oil ) , fd & c yellow # 6 , fd & c red # 40 ; strawberry is gum arabic , soybean oil , brominated soybean oil , bha , fd & c red # 40 and antifoam . 
a lot . not sure how many but we bought the 6 pack at christmas , which is enough for along time . 
each bottle contains 32 oz of syrup 
plastic 
they can last for months once opened if refrigerated . 
on the right hand side , bottom of label is sell by date . also , the batch # . : - ) 
hi . you can use those flavors for just about anything . no need to add water because they are already ready to be used . they have a great flavor just the way it is . 
the chair is heavy-duty , but when you lean back it feels a little as if you topple over . it was n't happen to me yet , but i can see this scenario happen . 
i am reclined in it right now . it moves about two inches only if you push hard . 
yes . i really like the gliding motion compared to our other recliner , which is a standard rocker . we love this and use it in our twins ' nursery to rock them to sleep . 
yes , there is a mop cleaning pad included . i have n't used it yet , so ca n't comment on the effectiveness of it . however , the vacuum ability of this robot is outstanding . 
yescyou can 
yes , the 187 ml champagne bottles fit into the system . 
this listing includes 1 tray and 1 fast rack for a total bottle quantity of 24 . 
it 's holds as much as i can fit in it . had it filled with pop , beer , and milk . but it at costco . available right now . same exact thing for $ 14.99 and not this obscene markup 
hi ! it folds down & has a little latch to keep it held down for easy small storage . i use it in my car to hold my purse , ipad etc for organization with my work stuff bc i drive a lot & have to have my ipad , notebooks etc for easy reach . when i do n't use it i just fold collapse it down ! hope this helps ! great durable product 
this is 23.5x14x1.5 '' 
yes , i sharpen my ontario sp10 marine raider bowie knife with it . that has a 9.75in blade . having used it for almost a year now i do think it has some partial limitations , i say partial because some relief edges and or grinds are more difficult and some organic curves are tough . but all are possible with time and practice . i have tried a friends `` wiked edge '' sharpening system and its twice the price but it is better . for me it is n't an extra $ 150- $ 200 better but it is better . hope this helps . 
the apex 4 has several more sharpening stones . the apex 1 comes with only 2 while the apex 4 has 5 stones up to 1000 grit and polishing stones for the very fine detail . it also comes with an instructional dvd and a ceramic sharpening rod . most definitely worth the extra money if you have several knives to keep sharp . i 've done my kitchen knives and all the outdoor knives that our family uses . 
this kit comes with the 3000 grit polish tape , and it has produced a very nice polish for me . i 'm not sure i would say it 's a `` mirror finish '' with the 3000 grit , but it 's darn close to my untrained eyes . i 've only just started using the system , so it 's entirely possible that someone with steadier hands could actually put on a mirror finish , whereas i 'm still learning the technique . i just ordered the 6000 grit polish tape , actually , so i will try to come back and and update when i 've given it a try . 
the entire kit , being carried in it 's case , weighs 2 lbs . 15 oz . 
yes it can cook corn dogs , but only 1 or 2 at a time . the basket in the cooker is small . there is no drain for the oil . you just lift the inner pan out and remove the oil . everything comes out . i like the deep fryer , but it is small . 
1500 watts 
low and high levels = 6 - 8 cups ( 36 - 48 oz ) of oil . 1.4 - 1.9 litres approx . 
i plugged it in using regular 120 found in most american kitchens . 
yes , that is true . 
8 cup oil capacity 
on the outside , not hot at all . it is well insulated , deep fry 's quickly and does a great job . 
not sure as we do not use our dishwasher but i will say by hand its the easiest one i have ever had and cleaned . 
these bags are commercial grade 3 mil material . this is a great thickness for keeping your food fresh , while remaining pliable enough to wrap tightly around whatever you are sealing ( with no air pockets like thicker bags ) . thanks for the question , annmarie , at foodvacbags 
i do n't have an exact measurement , but they do not feel quite as thick as the food saver bags . the bags , however work great . 
i have a food saver system and they work great with it 
i do n't know . none of the labeling on the bags states where they are made . 
they absolutely work wonderfully with my food saver . i have been freezing a lot of veggies and meats in them and they work just fine . love the price also . will order more again 
the company claims they are bpa free . i do not cook or reheat in mine , just freeze . but good question . 
it does n't say where they were made and i bought them a while ago so i no longer have the packaging . i would highly recommend though . i have not been disappointed with them . they are very strong and protect the food just as well as the higher priced bags . 
not required but , after having problems with three previous steam mops , i recommend it . . . especially if your tap water has a high mineral content ( hard water ) . 
i 'm not sure if i understand what you 're asking but , here goes . it plugs into a normal ( usa ) 110 electric outlet and on the back of the unit it says `` 1500w 120v ac '' hope that helps . 
depending how dirty the floor is each time 
i used on hard wood floor , and it works great ! 
you can use it anywhere you can use a cloth pad with steam . as far a removing stains , it is just a cloth pad with steam . if steam will remove a stain , then it will work . by the way - in general this unit puts out too much steam even at the lowest setting and it is not possible to reduce the amount of steam further . ( too much steam because the pad gets soaked thru very quickly ) . i would look for a steam mop with a trigger to release steam . i had one like this before the handle broke and it worked much better than the b & d . 
yes 2 pads are included with steamer 
yes . it works wonderfully ! 
11 1 2 x 11 1 2 inches 
they are 23.5 inches tall . not sure of the metal but they were well worth the cost . 
they are very very sturdy ! ! ! i have no idea of a weight limit but they are completely solid 
17 inches by 16.5 inches by 30 inches tall ... .excellent , sturdy box i 've reused for storage . 
yes i used a box spring with this bed . it sits a bit high and covers more headboard but i like it 
no it does n't . 
yes there 's room for it . i have a regular full mattress and there 's room on the corners so you should be ok . 
yes , but it 's pretty easy . it 's also sturdy unlike most furniture that needs assembling . 
i never received the table . i waited months . not sure what happened . 
it all depends on how much of a side drop you want . i bought the king size for a queen size bed and added a dust ruffle . my bed at this time sets about 6 '' from the floor . i put my bed frame at the lowest setting i could ( left off the wheels ) only because i wanted my bed to set lower for family that has a hard time getting into bed . i could go a little higher and still would have a pretty descent drape . i love the look . the color was n't quite what i was expecting , but you know how colors are if you 're not looking at them in person . but it is very pretty and i am quite satisfied at this time . 
yes . 
yes . first year : any part . second through fifth year : sealed refrigerant system . refer to below links to owners manual and warranty . http : www.friedrich.com support manuals-brochures dehumidifiers-manuals http : www.friedrich.com sites default files dh_warranty_11-10.pdf 
yes- both the board and the shot glasses are made out of glass . 
our board was cracked in the corner but other than that it was fine . very poorly packaged though . 
13.75 inches by 13.75 inches 19 inches diagonally 
they do come with stiff , white gaskets already inserted , but i wouls recommend that you replace them with tattler gaskets . i found the original gaskets to be unsatisfactory as they did not seal well . they are too stiff , which meant that they did not seal well unless the lids were on very tight . shaking up millk or salad dressing , while holdong the flip cap on , would cause leaks around the lid . the stiffness alsomade the lids very difficult to remove , especially for the wide mouth lids . i replaced the gaskets with tattler gaskets , and have been very happy since . 
yes , that 's what i bought them for and they work well : ) 
your recap lid or a regular canning jar lid ? my recap has never been `` stuck '' i 've had to ask my husband to use his muscle to assist me though . 
hi - i just washed them down and it worked . 
this product is much smother than even a gloss and has a thicker consistency . 
i think so . i used it on kitchen cabinet doors and wardrobes . 
it has held up very well for me . i painted my kitchen cabinets last fall and have been very happy with the product . they get wiped down often with 3 kids at home ! 
the paint is really thick . you could test it to see if it works , but i would n't recommend thinning it out . the thickness helps cover any flaws on cabinets . 
it 's not furniture , it is cabinet paint 
this is a non-stick tava . 
it is flat . it is good for making chapati 's but not good for frying an egg . 
yes it does , its heavy with thick base and an awesome product 
i am not exactly sure ... .it works well for me in the us where my stove uses public gas ... do n't worry , your roti , nan , puri will come out well . for domestic cooking it is great . 
it is flat . the best dosa crepe pan ever ! 
absolutely ! it would be perfect for crepes ! 
i 'm not sure . i do n't have an induction stove . you 'll have to contact the manufacturer of the pan . 
no you can not put in the diswasher 
i suppose it is 120v , as it worked the moment i plugged in . 
when assembled ( which is very easy to do ) this kotatsu stands about 1 ' . ( one foot ) 
hi , thank you for your question . i have sold over 10 of this item from japan to usa . but nobody complain about this item . i think it is better to use with electric changer . but maybe it can use to direct . please could you use carefully and at your risk . thank you akira 
this table have already dealt with the voltage of america . 
hi . this item with heater . and without futon . and with table top . you have to buy only futon . japanese cool items store . 
yes -- some one asked this question earlier so im just answering again in place of the company . ( apparently the answer is yes , i am not sure ) . 
white . very nice . 
sorry , i do n't know if they do or not . it was not part of this set . the comforter set is gorgeous though . got it for our guest room and have received many compliments ! 
i guess so . 
no it is a beautiful deep blue . 
to wash it , no more than the regular beater . it probably depends more on the batter you are using . to get your batter off , if it is a thick batter , say with raisins or nuts , i use a small spatula to scrape the batter off . i 'm still liking the product , in fact when i received the emailed question . i was just getting ready to use it for banana bread . it 's well worth the price . 
i went by the description of 4.5 to 5 qt mixing bowls . model # on bottom of my bowl is k45 . perfect fit . 
i have ksm150psbu and it works well 
i believe so . as long as it 's a kitchaid tilt-head mixer , it should fit . 
yes 
the beater will have a description of what it will fit . is your machine a tilt head or bowl lift model and how big is your mixing bowl ? 
yes 
hi janis , this product is made one of china 's premiere cutting board factories . known for its outstanding quality . we hope you love them as much as we do ! thank you for your inquiry ! 
the cutting board in question is made of polypropylene and must meet all food contact requirements . therefore , it should not contain bpa . 
the material is microfiber . 
these sheets are as soft as any other more expensive sheets i have bought before , the sheets are lightweight but not thin material . hope this is helpful 
yes , i have a queen size bed 60 '' wide . 
pillow cases . they feel great but the sheets will not fit a 15 '' mattress . 
it really does n't have wheels but the swiveling neck makes cornering & maneuvering so much easier . this glides . actually all we use this for is our hardwoods , it 's not bad for the limited carpeting we have down stairs but awesome for hardwood . 
do you like your carpets and floors really clean ? i have not been happy with the suction on the eureka rapidclean at all . even when using the handheld alone , the stuff sucked up would fall back out . 
yes it is . all hardware is included , too . 
yes , definitely ! this is the greatest cordless vac ever ! mine stays on the charger when not in use . buy it , you wo n't be sorry ! 
no 
yes . 14.4 v lithium ion cordless 
it is a wall charger ( a c adapter plugs into wall ) and then connects to the holding unit . it 's good . 
no crevice and brush tools . 
they say a year . i found that to be true although around maybe 10 months or so they started looking pretty dirty . i cleaned them ( scrubbed them w green pad - they looked almost like new again ) but i replaced them around 12 months . they kept the water tasting good the whole time . 
no , you do not have to . however , your flow will be twice as fast . 
there really isnt a shelf life they have only been out in 2014 , but you can probably keep them for many years without a problem 
yes . i currently am using propur with my berkey . 
yes it can , no problem . the filters are interchangable 
i just looked it up thru amazon & it says the dimensions are 5.5x3.25x7.75 . it 's so cheap they did n't ask for it to be returned ; just gave me a full refund . four of us bought the umbra but 3 of us had to return ours for not dispensing . the simple human is the only other one i know of but it 's in the $ 40s & i think that 's too much to pay for something so simple . 
4 aaa . but save your money & buy a better one . this did n't work well from day one ! 
any soap . you can put whatever you want . 
i actually bought it for brewing beer . it is taller and narrower ( about 16 '' tall x 13.5 dia . ) than most 9 gallon pots . this is good for me because it fits on my stove top . obviously , that 's not a factor in frying a turkey . it 's good quality and has been great for me so far . it would probably fit a medium sized turkey . you might want a shorter , fatter one ( maybe 15 '' dia . ) for a big turkey . 
dont know for sure but it is a good thick pot . i bought from bass pro first and sent that pot back . this one is really good and holds heat well . 
they are spot welded on the pot i have . 
self supporting , that would be fine . 
i 'm not sure , but my concern would be that i do n't think the unit would be sturdy enough without all of the shelves in place . 
30 '' 
no . it is 23.5 '' ... . we have a 26 '' tv as well but we mounted it to the wall above the top shelf which allowed us to use the shelf for something else . plus we did n't have to worry about our daughter using the desk and the tv coming down on her head . 
i 'm pretty sure they do ! it 's an asian company i beleive . or you purchase an adaptor . the best rice cooker ever ! 
yes , i have n't used it though 
sorry this is not made in japan . please check for ns-zcc10 and ns-yac10 . these 2 are made in japan . 
cooked and it is awesome . 
the one i bought was made in china 
yes there 's a steam basket . i would n't recommend this rice cooker if you make quick meals often . it takes an hour to cook ! my old rice cooker took 15 minutes . 
i 'm guessing you are asking about how comfortable it is ? if so , i am extremely susceptible to being uncomfortable with any kind of mattress protection and i do n't have a reaction to this . it feels more like cloth . i did buy a padded mattress cover because i assumed i would n't like it , but we have n't really needed to use it . i hope this helps . 
if your mattress fills the cover completely , it should stay in place . mine does . 
yes 
yes , it should fit a queen size with a pillowtop . it comes in different sizes . 
they are a little wider than a standard queen size . i know full size was that way it fit easily . 
yes they can , i use them to dry off my silverware every day . they are pretty absorbent and work well . 
yes , they are good for cleaning just about anything . being very absorbent they work best of drying dishes . those microfiber ones can not compare to these . the microfiber ones never measure up - poor absorption and the material does not hold onto dirt - these will . 
it appears to me to be actual blue stitching 
the towels have a soft gold center stripe 
unfortunately , no . they are n't too bad after coming out of the driver but you can iron them if you want to get rid of all wrinkles . 
these are kitchen towels , they have a blue strip . their the best towels i 've ever bought . 
at it 's highest it is 31 inches . after i wrote a review on this product , the chairs started falling apart . i would not buy them again . i really like the way they look , they are just not very sturdy . 
very easy . but the quality of the padding is very poor . after a few weeks there is almost no cushion left . 
8 '' 
i was just using my dish tonight ( love it , by the way ) . i guess you could put a glass bowl in . i just tried putting in my second largest pyrex stacking bowl and it fit with room to spare . the half inch of extra space might impact the heating ability , though . the largest pyrex bowl was too big . 
yes , i suppose you could when serving a small group . the removable dish is not very heavy gauge stainless steel . 
sorry , i gave it as a gift . it is a keep warm thing not a cooker . 
yes you do . 
12 '' across 
100w 
i have not put it in the oven but i would think it would be ok. it is a pretty light weight stainless steel . 
yes , you can order only what you need . 
it is 41 '' long , 32.75 '' tall , 11.5 '' deep ( by the bookshelf ) , and 15.5 '' deep by the toy storage bins . hope this helps ! ! 
no . but it 's fairly easy to put together . 
yes its made of particle board . 
about the width of a twin bed and maybe 3 ft tall . we have been very happy with this product 
pressed board . but very strong . my grandson stands on it 
there was no mounting equipment . it would be very difficult to tip over as most of the weight is on the back of the bookcase . i have no concerns about it tipping . 
the toy area is 20 '' wide by 14 '' deep and the book area is 20 '' wide by 11 '' deep 
no . i have two of these ( and they are wonderful ) , but they ca n't be safely stacked . they do look nice side-by-side . 
i do n't know , my sister let me use her pillow at first but could n't find her funnel so my husband just filled it using a measuring cup , worked great . i loved the pillow so i ordered my own . maybe you can get ahold of the company and they can send one to you ? 
the original directions i read said once a year , however i am sure one could change the water more often if so inclined . 
yes , i have washed all of our chiroflow pillows and does n't hurt them at all . 
pillow fits perfectly in a queen pillow case . 
yes 
what i notice about this one versus mu first original they did note in the details . this one has a nicer thicker cover that is much better and i ca n't feel the ccld water transfer thru like the old one did . if my arm hand wanted to be under the old pillow it was too cold to be comfortable . the bottom side was n't as thick . says they added a thermal protection and even though i did n't know it because i was deyeind i had to have that pillow again i realize now that it 's so much better . i like the quality upgrades . both those items were only two issues i remember with my old one . not issues to prevent me from buying the standard if that was only option . best help for my neck and back ! i love the new upgrades ! ! ! ! ! 
i would imagine the static between the husks and the plastic pouch would make that very difficult and messy . remember that the trick with this pillow is to be dense enough to support your head in a way that it is aligned with your spine ( specially for side-sleepers ) . that usually requires adding or removing water , then trying it and observing the alignment of your spine . 
they are on the 12 '' side . 
i would assume the top . 
nope , and the tools clip onto the suction tube so it likes to keep popping off while you are vacuuming . 
sorry , i do not know where to buy a replacement for the hardwood floor attachment . 
the seller , great vacs , has wonderful customer service . tap on their name on the amazon ad and that will bring you to their site where you can go to customer service link and type your request . they are very friendly and professional , i 'm sure they will hook you up . hope this helps . it is a great little vacuum that out performs machines that are 3 times it 's cost . love it ! ! ! 
i do n't think it 's `` supposed to , '' but it does . have n't had any problems with it , but also do n't use it all the time as i also have an upright . 
manual 
nope . 
excellent question ! i did research before buying this vacuum and it turns out you need to buy the bags directly from greatvac . i will bring one bag next time to walmart to see if they carry some standard ones with the same size . 
it can , but not to the capacity listed . it 's really designed for sleeves ( included ) that hang from the rails . 
the sleeves are n't numbered but there are alphabetical dividers . 
front and back on each sleeve . 
yes , but certain angles no . i would not recommend for your application . 
included 
approx . 2.5 in diameter at the widest ( top ) , and 1.75 in diameter at the narrowest ( bottom ) 
no the cap only fits the takeya pitcher as far as i know . definitely not large enough for a mason jar . but probably long enough you could just stand it in there . 
7.5 inches 
no . it screws into the lid provided with the cannister you originally bought . 
yes 
yes 
i use shout advanced and let it sit on there for hours or overnight . works well . yes , it 's a chemical ... but in this case- i think it 's worth it ! got red melted dye candle wax out of a vintage white table cloth ! 
yes , they would be fine . 
the towels i received were completely white . 
i actually do not use any hose . i just pitch it directly into the bucket . 
hi jared , the probe tip is about 5 1 2 '' from the bottom or 4.25 gal worth of liquid . hope this helps . barley & vine 
16 inches 
yes 
14.5 inches 
i did n't and it seems to be fine for my 3-year-old . she 's been using it for a year with no complaints . 
no not that i noticed 
just the mattress . no frame thingy . ; ) 
i actually ordered this on behalf of a friend so do n't have it in my house . he got the full size which will sleep two people . 
yes , re-usable straws do fit . at least the one 's i have do : epica stainless steel 
it is n't lipped like a measuring cup but liquids do pour out fairly neatly . 
the one pack has one and the two pack has two . 
i have put mine in the dishwasher since i have had it and have n't noticed any effect it 's had on it . i do n't know what the company recommends . 
unfortunately , this is for 1. because they have basically included the price for shipping into the price of the lid . i 've seen these lids for $ 7.95 on other sites but then they charge $ 3-4 for shipping . so it 's the same . 
we would use the normal bands you get in the store . just dry them after washing . we put ours through the dishwasher and they do not rust . maybe the water in your area has minerals that cause oxidation in which case hand washing and drying would be important . 
we can not guarantee that a 750ml patron bottle will fit . 
yes , it 's rotatable . 
yes 
a fifth 
yes ! a round on the house from you ! what 's your poison ? ; ) 
no led lights just the 6 bottle caddy 
i do n't think that it would seal if the top of the bottle was to much bigger than a standard booze bottle but i 'm not sure how big ur bottle is . the bottle top is like the top of an oil or vinegar dispenser . it has flexible plastic rings that seal it inside the bottle . hope this at least gives you an idea . 
sorry mine have not broke yet so i can not tell you . wish i could help . 
i just lifted it and any fluid drained back into my soup , then i stirred it . i did n't really remove the cover and put it on a plate ... just lift , stir and put it back in place . hope this helps . i still love mine . 
i have n't used it as a steamer but it should work well . the center insert is light but seals well on the silicone . it acts like a lid and only when liquid hits it does it lift up to allow the liquid to bubble up into the boil over part . 
yes soap and water or dishwasher it works just like it says it does 
the company says yes . 
yes it would work great for cooking rice it actually works with anything you are boiling . it is a very good product . 
11.5 inches , so pot 's diameters can be appr . between 6 '' and 10.5 '' . 
i 've never had that trouble . the inside lid may raise some , but i 've never had it boil out over the outside ring . 
no 
i have a very thick mattress and it covers it . it does n't cover the box spring but it does cover the mattress nicely . i did a quick tape measurer and it is approx . 7 ft by 7 ft. i hope this helps . i love the cover . it is a yellow green which i think is a nice deep color . 
i bought it , but promptly returned it . the colors were too bright for what i wanted ( and more blue and bright yellow than the picture represents ) . sorry , i ca n't answer that question for you . 
no thread count mentioned on the packaging . 
yes , it has a setting for laminate . just be careful using it - laminate flooring can buckle and become damaged from prolonged exposure to water or steam . 
yes 
no 
sorry i could n't find a sticker or marker with info , i did n't keep the box and the booklet is in a safe place for me to find ... ... .i could n't find it , sorry i tried . it 's slow and you have to hold in the spot your steaming for longer than usual , tile floors 
it 's for ceramic tiles , vinyl floors , hardwood floors , stone and marble floors . 
ca n't say for sure but , it usually takes that long for the steam to evaporate so , i would think so.. 
thank you for contacting cpo ! the black & decker bdh1760sm smartselect steam mop with handle command is not available in 220v if we can be of further assistance , please do not hesitate to contact us . sincerely , cpo customer care 800-714-0918 www.cpooutlets.com 
i have to strongly dissuade you . i was forced to return my set with such lowered expectations that i am no longer considering reed & barton . i opened the first piece and there was a ugly swirling scratch across the bowl of the iced teaspoon . i opened a second piece -- a regular teaspoon -- and the end and one side of the bowl were sharp enough that i believe i could have cut my finger , let alone mouth , on it . most dinner knives are less sharp . obviously unacceptable and i returned . the seller was lovely about the return however . as far as your actual question -- the pieces are stated to be 18 10 -- however given the overall quality of these and other made in china products you would have to ask yourself the level of trust you place in the labeling . 
bottom of the pot says germany . this pot is very well made ; nice weight . i mainly use it to make poached eggs ; wipes clean every time and eggs do n't stick to the bottom . i am very satisfied with it . 
it does work on induction 
i have not used it in the oven . this pan cleans easy , even with very sticky foods made in it like fudge . i am very happy , i purchased this pan . 
glasstop works very well and allows watching what is cooking and is easy to handle . 
it appears to have come in genuine packaging and is working perfectly . 
turner 
yes it will 
yes , it should 
w10189283 is the part number you need 
i am not sure . in this link http : www.searspartsdirect.com whirlpool-washer-parts w10003800 0026 110 model-wfw9550wr00 1198 0153200.html the part looks different . may not work , but again , not sure . 
yes , this will work on your model 
sure will . that was the exact model number of our washer . we have since replaced the washer and are parting out the wfw8300sw04 . if there is another part you need ask me i might have it . the bellow is already gone . http : www.partselect.com advancedmodelsearch.aspx ? modelnum=wfw8300sw04 & mfgmodelnum= & fkmfgid=3 has a great part list breakdown . good luck ! 
it is 200 watts . processes ice perfectly and quickly . chops veges in seconds . i would not be without it . 
one set 
the ninja pro stackable is fabulous , i would n't sweat the details just buy the damn thing and get to enjoying for christ sake . come on man . whatever 
maybe two bananas wide and three stacked high . 
made in korea 
the wok is plain red all around . 
yes , i was able to use it on induction cook top . the pan did not last me more than around 8 usage though because it started sticking even when there were no scratches on the surface at all . i ended up returning mine . 
it is fairly heavy for a wok . it also has too large a bottom for a wok . 
yes . 
each piece is 82 x 39 ... and then they are placed together . 
l82 x w39 x h31 inches 
measuring from floor to the top of the cushion it measures 29.5 '' i hope this helps 
i am 2550 pounds of mostly muscle , they support me with no problem . if they do n't , i 'm sure you have either mis-assembled or have a product liability case coming ! frankly they are very good , sturdy , attractive and tough , so far ... . 
no 
the seat is approximately 14 1 2 inches or 37 centimeters wide . the whole stool measures 29 inches from floor to top of the seat . we love them ! 
there is an `` l '' shaped arm supporting the motor , and the power cord comes off at the bend in the arm . this is a great fan ; very quiet with strong output . the remote is easy to use and very useful . 
it has a remote . 
yes , you can control it with the remote or directly on the fan itself . loves this fan ! very quiet and powerful ! 
there is no slot for storage . if you put it away for the season i would just tape it to the unit with some masking tape 
yes , on the top of the fan there is a pull switch . up for non- oscillating and down to oscillate . 
it 's a very nice fan , but it does not have a timer . 
i have a very tiny kitchen , with very limited counter spaces the microwave needed to sit in a small utility table . i would have liked.a little larger one . the dimensions are a little smaller than stated , they 18 w 12 1 2 d 11 h. my problem was the first one that was sent to me did n't work , i had to return it . i 'm am elderly so that turned out to be a real hassle for me . the second one , so far , works very well . it 's a bit more tinny than i would have liked . hope this helps with your decision . 
12 inches deep front to back 
based on a = w v which is 700 amps 120v =5.8 amps 
18.2 x 13.5 x 10.9 inches ; 29 pounds 
i do not use metal on mine . i love the pots and pans but do think metal would scratch them . 
orgreenic cookware has a lifetime warranty . we have not had to test it as of yet . the wife and i use this frequently and love it . so far it has lived up to the tv ads 
i do not know i have a gas stove ... .u could email the company and ask costumer service this question . sorry i could n't be of much help tami 
i found one article online , actually a customer complaint , that said that orgreenic cookware was not induction capable . i am assuming that there was an implication made to him that it was . 
do n't know i hand wash with dawn and a old t-shirt 
i only count 16 pcs. , and i counted several times . 
each cavity holds roughly 0.5 ounces , there are slight variations for each shape . 
maybe 1 2 inch . it fits a mini oreo or nutter butter cookie with chocolate all around ... ... great size 
yes 
i do not know 
yes it is . the press works great over almost everything that you need to cover ( press ) . i use it almost daily . great product ! ! 
i am not aware of a square cover - i have a glass cover that is 10 inches , but i am out of stock right now ... they sell as fast i can get them ... you have chosed the flat iron grill press to ask the question ... are you speaking of a grill press or a lid for a cast iron skillet . i am working on getting more glass covers . 
yes 
definitely not - it could kill them . you also will need to remove any plants . 
it does have a fan in it . the unit works very well . we use ours at hotels mostly . i do not know the cfm rating . 
yes , you would have to close all the doors in the room , set the ozone machine to 2 hours and leave the room . then after 4 hours ( or longer , i leave it 8 hours ) return and use a large fan and open the doors and windows for at least 40 minutes . 
i would recommend no sooner than an hour ! even after that , there is a slight residual ozone odor , but if you can open windows and doors , it will be totally gone sooner . 
no , there are no chemicals . 
minimum : 24 '' maximum : 32 '' 
you pull the lever under the seat 
hello , i do not have instructions on how to take this chair apart . i do not recommend that you do so as it holds a risk of damaging the item . thank you ! 
30 '' 
this mold apply to make the cake , bread , mousse , jelly , prepared food , chocolate , etc 
yes it is , but be very careful to follow the manufacturers directions . 
the package arrived from china . please wash very well when you receive it . 
where do you want to ship ? it generally takes about 7 to 15 days from china to us . 
i fit a whole pound of coffee with no problem . 
it does help far more than leaving it in the bag , but realize this applies only to beans . make sure your beans are freshness dated , and beyond 14 to 21 days any stored beans in a container of this type will lose depth of flavor . i own this container and i have been happy with it . but i go to a local coffee shop and buy fresh beans every two weeks . 
i would contact the seller . mine definitely came with the scoop . 
greetings to you : the metal stem portion of the thermometer measures 4 3 4 inch . 
immediately . it will be displaying the ambient temperature and will start to escalate up to the temperature of whatever you are cooking as soon as you insert it into the product you are measuring . it takes a very short time to reach the actual temperature of the product . 
there is a small slot at the top of the casing that is easy to open with a small blade or screw driver or in fact , i can open it with my finger nail . once opened you simply take out the small button battery and replace it , then simply snap the top of the casing shut . there is also a little diagram in the instructions explaining how to change the battery . 
no 
not that i know of . i saw nothing in the literature that said one could . 
to me it was not strong at all . gone in less than a day . 
in order to answer that one would have to ask what kind of fire flame would this mattress be exposed to ? most foam mattresses melt under heat then go to another state depending on the degree of heat . of all the flammable objects that are in and around your room one would have to ask what fire scenario are you thinking about ? let me know so that one can give you a better answer or check with the manufacturer ! 
from the ground up 41 inches . we bought six of these chairs and love them ! good quality and ca n't beat the price , you will not be disappointed . 
no i bought 3 at $ 50 each.. 
the legs are a very dark brown wood . my kitchen has a lot of black accent and unless you are right up close you would think the legs were black - so it is a very dark brown . 
the whole chair is the same color of taupe ( even the back ) except for the legs which are dark brown or espresso wood . 
im not sure what it is but its awesome and cleans well ( i have 3 dogs ) with just soap and water . i love this chair ! ! ! its very cute , the color is perfect and it looks like it should cost more than it does ! love it 
29 1 4 inches 
thank you for your interest in our product . the merchandise you are inquiry for is assembled except the additional roller wheels . it is adjustable to your own height whether to add the wheels or not . thank you and have a wonderful day ! -- furnituremaxx 
no the juice bottle is not glass . this was a disappointment with this set . 
bottle is glass . a nice set ... we have several . 
the leather is not hard enough to get a good imprint . most likely the silver or gold embossing medium would flow and cause a smeared look . sorry wish i could tell you different . 
remove the four phillips head screws on the back of the part that the fan blades are contained within , it should snap out off so that you can get access to the fan blades to clean dust build up off them . 
the a.c. supply is rated at 1 2 amp at 12 volts . the plug is a female barrel type , smaller diameter than most . the center is positive . i have a multiple plug adapter ( radio shack ) , and ... ... one of the smaller adapters ( marked h ) fits perfectly . the fan uses a fairly standard size , any multiple adapter supply that does 12 volts at least 500 milliamps should have one snap on of its adapters small enough that a size will fit this fan . 
yes ! it ratchets from a flat position , pointing straight up ( zero degrees ) to a vertical position ( 90 degrees ) in increments of approx 10-15 degrees . i count 8 fixed ratchet positions between 0 and 90. the picture of the fan in the ad is at approx 80 degrees . 
the only issue for the beach would be the weight . 8 'd ' batteries are pretty heavy . but it folds up nicely and is super portable so i 'd say yes , if you do n't mind the extra weight . 
yes , when folded the base surrounds the fan so it can function normally open or closed . 
yes it folds flat and has a few notches in between 
i do n't have the fan here right now but i do n't recall seeing a handle . 
yes 
im pretty sure it 's not waterproof . 
just comforter , i bought the sheets separately . ..but they both last , look , n feel amazing 
no , you do n't need a weight ! sometimes i do n't even have all the vegetables below the surface of the brine . it 's the contact with oxygen in the air that enables molds to grow ( and when i ferment with a crock i keep the ferment under the brine and weighted , but still have to remove mold every few days ) - but these caps prevent mold because the air lock enables the co2 to build up in the jar , which prevents mold from growing . but , know that you ca n't check the contents , so you have to guess as to the length of time to ferment . i put a date on the jar so i know when it was started . of course , if you need to ferment it longer you can always go back to the weight - in my experience , i have n't been able to use the cap again with the same ferment , probably because after a certain amount of time , the production of co2 diminishes too far . still , i love my 'kraut kaps ' - they 're neat and easy ! 
the gaskets and grommets are silicone and highly durable . they should last indefinitely , possibly with some staining from highly colored ferments because they are clear . clear platinum silicone is used as it is the most food safe silicone available . 
yes 
no 
yes they are according to the seller . fyi : if you are buying quart jars these kaps only fit wide mouth jars . 
no , these are easy to clean and assemble . the airlock comes apart to allow thorough cleaning . you can put a small amount of food grade mineral oil on the ring to make it slide more easily , but these caps slide to open and close much easier than the silicone ring inserts you can buy for the plastic lids . 
plastic 
it is for all three pieces 
no 
read the product description 
the ones shown hold 16 ounces , i can make smaller or larger if you prefer a different size ... thanks 
16oz 
you are right ! i have one too ! sorry but it 's hard to find anything that is made in the usa ! ! ! 
the sole plate is teflon coated so ca n't tell if it is stainless steel . 
it folds down flat for easy storage . 
in inches it is about 1.5-1.75 inches thick . folded iron is about 8 inches long and 4-4.5 wide 
the iron works on 110 w and 220 w and there is 5-6 different adaptor plugs . it works amazing ! 
i bought for my grandson this summer and we live in fl and they live in tn . sorry i do n't know . nice sheets though 
they are very soft sheets . great quality for the price . they are used in a child 's bed . 
hi it comes with a flat sheet , fitted sheet , and 2 pillowcases for the full size , and 1 pillowcase for the twin size . thank you joe 
i have washed it several times and it is holding up well so far . 
there is no brand name on the comforter . 
yes . it does ! 
i do n't recall , and no longer have the paperwork . however , the fabric has a really nice soft feel , and not heavy in weight like allot of comforters . 
sure , plastic ones work fine.i 've used metal ones , but only with soft dough that did n't require much pressure . i generally keep sharp tools away from the mat as i want it to last for a good long time . 
i have a very sensitive nose and my mat has no odor , just went and rechecked prior to typing this response , nothing . 
hello , i use it with the ipad but i believe it should be the same . you would click on your name , then click on the graph which is located in the upper right hand corner of the screen next to the words `` my records '' . hope that helps . 
yes 
only the witscale . app but it 's good 
hello ! since iphone4 does not support bluetooth smart ( bt4.0 ) , so iphone4 does not support . however , you can try iphone4s or later phones because they are built with bluetooth smart chip . it means iphone4s does work . i found the following information from the produce description . ios app : free witscale body fat app can be downloaded from app store . fully compatible with ios8.0 , iphone4s , iphone5 , iphone5c , iphone6 , ipad air , ipad air 2 and ipad mini . android app : free witscale body fat app can be downloadable from google play . please use search key witscale body fat.compatible devices : galaxy s3 s4 s5 , galaxy note3 note4 , google nexus4 nexus5 nexus6 nexus7 nexus9 , htc one 
i would n't recommend it . the one we received was poorly made and broken on the legs . the only reason we keep it cuz it 's in the basement and it 's a hassle to send it back . 
hi . i ordered this futon a little over a few months ago and i have already purchased a new one . the main seat wore to the springs already , the leather has broken open in the same area and the trundle pops out of place very easily and often . both while being fully elevated and slightly with the easiest tug . i wish i 'd never spent this much money on a waste of materials . i would suggest you purchase something else in all honesty . i can email pictures to show you further if you doubt it . ( it is really nice the first few days , and lovely to look at before it tears open in the seat . ) worst money i ever threw away 
the width 82.5 '' is from the outside of one arm to the outside of the other ( total width ) ( between the arms it is 70.5 '' ) the 63 '' is with the back fully reclined and trundle pulled out ( basically almost queen sized bed surface ) the 15.5 '' is the height of the seat from the floor to the top surface of the cushion . i purchased a 2 '' gel foam queen sized pad that i roll up and put under my bed so when guests come it is a much more comfortable sleeping surface though some might like the firmness the sofa offers . 
yesi think . because it comes in pieces . 
yes amoc ships port to port only it is up to you to arrange transportation to final destination . 
thanks for your question , after searching our catalog i found some chairs that possibly match this sofa bed here : 
if you get a thick mattress pad , it may help 
it does n't come fully assembled . it comes in two pieces so it should fit fine . 
thanks for posting your question , after searching our catalog i was unable to find this sofa bed in white . may i suggest checking out the `` customers who viewed this item also viewed : section for more ideas of available items you may be interested in . i hope you find one you like ! 
the height of the pillow will be 15cm ( ~6inch ) so probably high loft 
i took it out of the plastic and set it on top of a plastic bin so air could get all around it . since was a slow process i took the zippered cover off and set the pillow insides on the bin . a couple of times a day i squeezed it and turned it over . 
the king fits perfect in a king pillow case . 
i am not sure , but only after a few night 's sleeping on it , the memory foam trapped my body heat & caused me to sweat.i would return right away and go online and look for a talalay latex pillow with the specially designed holes through them , you will be glad you did , i am . 
i use mine without the cover . i have n't noticed any marks or impressions . i just wanted the cooling of the gel without the covering . 
dark , more like grey 
yes , they are plenty wide enough ! 
they are very soft cotton sheets . 
i think that the mattress in the rental house where we used the sheets was a pillow top and they fit just fine ! 
no 
for sure . 
350-400. pounds 
not sure but okay for me..the side arms slope up i 'm five ft and two seventy lbs and i fit fine ... .. 
easily 300 lbs 
no that 's a feature i miss 
it lays under the chair on the floor . 
the cuisinart 77 series is the chef 's classic series of pans . the base does have encapsulated aluminum in the bottom but it is only a pad on the bottom of the pot . the mcp series the encapsulated aluminum is not only on the bottom of the pan but also comes up the sides of the pan . 
yes 
china 
no , it does n't include a steamer insert 
yes , this set stacks easily . 
yes 
i bought the same set at kohls online for 89.99 w an online coupon for 30 % off . free shipping . 
i read on www.shopworldkitchen ... that all of the boutique corelle is made in the usa , except for the mugs , which are made in ( where else ? ) china . i do n't think the mugs are considered `` unbreakable . '' still , very pretty dishes . i bought some for my daughter . 
according to the internet search : three-layer glass laminate called vitrelle glass 
vitrelle , a lightweight glass-laminate that resists damage but is n't completely unbreakable . 
everything except the cups are made in the usa . strangely , the cups are make in china . 
10 1 2 inches 
i found matching pieces on worldkitchen . com . dessert bread plates and platters . right now they are having a buy 2 get 1 free sale as well . 
i found matching pieces on worldkitchen . com . dessert bread plates and platters . right now they are having a buy 2 get 1 free sale as well . 
it is true white 
the dividers are affixed to the drawers and do not move . 
yes ! this product is that good . and very affordable compared to the more expensive brands . 
you have two drawer with dividers , the 2 inches tall one is divided in half and one of the 1 inch tall divided in thirds . so you have the large drawer with two sections and one of the small ones divided in three sections . you can change the position between the 3 small drawers . 
yes , the cushions are removable . they are not fabric on the other side , they are just cloth . 
we like the furniture and actually find it to be really comfortable . it 's nothing fancy , but it looks nice and is comfortable to us . 
loveseat is 60 '' l x 32 '' d x 34 '' h couch is 84 '' l x 32 '' d x 34 '' h 
never got it ... delivery was a problem 
i have the sectional . it came with 5. they are not very high quality , kind of thin . the sofa is excellent and i highly recommend ... but the pillows are just average . 
yes , they are ! 
my daughter loves it she is 4 years old 
the manufacturer recommends a weight limit of 160 lbs . 
yes 
if it 's for a small enough child yes 
no , you will need to buy a twin size mattress for it . no box spring needed . 
this listing is for the white bed with pink tent . 
the switch will not turn off till the water is boiled , so if you take it off early and then put it back onto the base , it will continue heating . just flip the switch off as you are pouring if you want it off . that 's what i do ! 
yes it does . 2 of them , bottom and top of the water level indicator . 
label says china.. 
counting the scrolled ends , the height of this holder is 5 inches . the scrolled ends are slightly higher than the holder itself . it measure 3 feet long with the scrolled ends . i hope this helps . 
it will hold 4 but they need to be dessert size . 3 if they are standard dinner plate size . 
probably 8.5 '' max . i have 8 '' plates and there 's a 1 '' space between . 
no , it is specifically made for plates . there is only about 1 2 inch of available space to fit a plate . 
its flat against the wall like a picture frame would be 
it 's about 13 inches 
yes top 2 shelves are glass . def worth buying . i received so many compliments on this piece 
you can place them on the glass shelf which is where i have mine .. but no place to hang . it 's a gret buy ! ! def worth getting ! hope that helps 
i think it can . i dont think i would use it in direct weather as the sun might blister the wood finish . however i dont think it would be affected by the rain . 
2'4 '' assembeled 
yes . one thing about cast iron is that you can subject it to tremendous heat . it works well from the stove top to the oven because the pot has been preheated first . enjoy ! 
china 
it 's 10 inches . 
technically no . the directions say to put it over heat no higher than `` medium , '' so that probably limits all but the smallest amount of charcoal . having said that , i 've put a non-enameled dutch oven on a rather high grill and it did not crack . 
it is a white enamel on the inside . i have used mine a few times , and so far it 's been awesome . my previous one was a food network one , and it was horrible . i had to use barkeepers friend on it every time i cooked in it . loving mine ! 
yes , it is . 
it a tight weave that is smooth and kind of silky . 
the exact size 60 '' x80 '' , fits nice too . 
these sheets are extremely thin and `` feel like '' microfiber . they may be cotton , but certainly does n't feel like what i know to be cotton sheets . 
yes 
yes 
because they are polyester microfiber , not cotton as advertised and are made outside the u.s . 
quite comfortably , unless your backpack is terribly small . there is not any hindrance to fold the lunch bag flat . 
well if it 's the same size as a normal plate then i would say not a chance.. but if it 's more side plate size yes definately.. 
yes . the bag is insulated but wo n't stay cold by itself . i use a small ice pack to make sure my food stays cold longer . 
their 's a card inside for refills 
i would say about 1-1 8 oz , but that 's just a guess . the bottles are 3-1 2 '' tall and hold 3 '' worth of spices . hope that helps . 
no 
sorry , i do n't know . i bought this as a christmas gift for someone this year and she has n't had to get any refills yet . 
marjoram , basil , celery salt , crusted mint , parsley , chives , sea salt , bay leaves , coriander , fennel , herbes de provence , rosemay , pizza season , italian season , oregano , season salt . 
no ... very thin . 
i believe they are microfiber . they feel like really soft brushed cotton . 
the unit itself has the following dimensions : width 19.5 '' , height 25 '' , depth 13.5 '' . however , note that the exhaust pipe juts out the back for about 9-10 inches before it can be folded around in a perpendicular direction . so you really need a depth of around ( 13.5 + 10 ) inches . 
to utilize the included vent kit , it would need to placed within four feet or so of a window . even if you are going to rig up your own ventilation system , it still requires the ability to vent into a space that is not being conditioned dehumidified . 
4 '' -6 '' i think . 
not sure i totally understand the question yes it is fairly lo energy- my electric bill definitely went down a couple dollars when i got it . it is movable , but not so portable- not usable outdoors , and once it is set up , well it has wheels , but it does need to be vented , so it is rather fixed in position while running hope this helps 
there is a drain pipe very low to the ground.its a pain to drain so cut a groove in a large tupperware . it lasts 12 hours . 
our baby is 30 1 2 inches long and when he sits his feet do n't touch floor and the height from floor to seat is 6 to 8 inches and it is less then 3 feet long . i hope this helps . our baby has had this since he was a year old and he is now 15 months and he loves it . 
no sleeping bag , it just folds out into a bed for them to lay on . 
no it is designed for a child ? ? the pics make it look larger then it is ! ! nice for a 2 yr old though . 
no 
about 3 feet . my 3 year old can use it as a bed for nap time ... he loves it ! 
3-3 4 '' wide by 5-1 4 '' tall ( ~6 '' counting the spout ) and 3 4 '' deep . the shot glass stands about 2-1 4 '' tall and ~2 '' wide . 
i did n't see any option for that when i bought it . 
8oz 
most trophy stores provide engraving . some `` high-end '' stores like macy 's in some cases will provide engraving for wedding , or baby memorabilia . 
no 
8 1 4 inches long by 1 5 16 inches wide . i bought this to replace the original roller in my fuller brush sweeper that i have had for over 25 years . it snapped right in and i have a sweeper now that was as good as when it was new . 
push in the little plastic piece on the side with a screwdriver or butter knife . .its gon na be semi hard to get off..then put in one end of the new one and pop it in like youd do a roll of toliet paper..theres a square plastic piece that holds the knob on the brush , all you have to do is pull it apart 
they last a long time . i ca n't tell you how long i had the first one but i know it was at least five or more years . 
hi elizabeth , i am sorry i am unable to answer that question . i just ordered a new brush forn one of my older clients because they definitely needed a new one . the new one work great . sincerely , barbara w . 
about 9 inches of brush , it fits into the device . 
yes . but it depends . i do n't recommend blending hot soup in them . i did this once and it caused a lot of pressure and i could barely unscrew the cup from the blade . you can pour hot items into the cups but i do n't recommend blending them with hot liquid inside . 
it came with 2 when i bought it . 
these are 3 '' in diameter . i just measured them with tape measurer . 
product says its bpa free . 
i have a nutri bullet `` magic bullet '' . these cups are slightly too narrow ( in diameter ) to thread onto the blade housing of the magic bullet . i was very disappointed ; you might as well go buy 2 cups with handles . 
no , they crack and leak in the freezer . 
2 mugs with 2 colored rings 
they are the same size as the larger cups : ) 
definitely . i have an induction cooktop and that 's why i bought the circulon set . works perfectly ! 
dear mg , yes that set of cookware is dishwasher safe . thank you for allowing me to assist you with your request . kind regards , audrey consumer relations 
dear wilfred , thank you for your inquiry . our products are manufactured in either thailand or china . thank you for allowing us to be of service to you . kind regards , audrey consumer relations 
it comes with ribbon that is 3 8 inch wide . these are really cute little boxes and the kit comes with everything you need . 
no . i was able to fit 2 rocherre chocolates and a few hershey kisses . the top is very narrow..even w the minimal chocolate the top kept popping open . 
no it will not . it is not that large . 
depends on the weight of the item put in them 
not clear . mine has sort of a frosted , opague finish . 
it got this about a month ago . it is plastic but looks really great ! 
nope 
you have to pull on the stem away from the body ( straight out ) , it 's in there pretty snug . i suppose frequent changing of heads could wear it out . but i just use it to froth , do n't see it happening to me in the near future . its a pretty decent product , i just find that the frothing heads are out of balance 
not quite powerful enough . it struggles with whipping egg whites for example . it 's definitely a milk frother . 
it comes with one pre-attached ; it was put on too tight and broke while i was trying to remove it . i had to pry the body apart and use pliers to remove the broken piece . luckily it came with another frother ; it and the propeller are functional . the whisk , not so much . 
well easy . just removed the one and put the other . 
yes , there 's a 1 year warranty . 
the pillowcase has the princesses on it . 
the comforter washes very well with no problems at all . 
no . it was 3 piece bed set . comforter , pillow , fitted sheet . dats all 
no it is not cotton 
the shelves are only about 9 inches deep . most dvd players are much deeper . 
yes , they do . they also come with a template board you can place on the wall to measure the distance between the holes before drilling . 
mounting these on the wall only requires some wood screws with an average flat head size . the panels are already cut and reinforced to accept the screw heads and thus mount flush with the wall . just be sure the screws are level on the wall and it should work great . 
not sure of the dimensions . however we bought them to use for towels in a salon . after rolling them up it was a go . however they were n't tall enough to put shampoo bottles inside . only on the top 
the weight capacity for this item is 25 lbs . 
i 'm not sure about kg . i have my doubts if it will weigh with that small an increment . in pounds it weighs to the nearest .2 pound . ( ie . 4.2 , 4.4 , 4.6 , 4.8 ) 
i have had no problem with battery power and have not needed to use it plugged in . sounds like you have a bad battery or a returnable scale . 
my scale shows zero and when i put a box on top the weight changes . 
nope . alex 
yes , it will run on a battery . i have used it in a storage area without power . it uses a 9v battery . 
the unit comes with everything you need , just plug it in and use . 
150 pounds 
i do n't think this dymo digital heavy duty scales has a usb connection . - j.m . 
0.2 lbs , i just double checked with mine . 
we brought a frame from michaels , it is slightly deeper than it is wide but with a simple black backing we were happy with the look . 
uaually 2-4 weeks 
yes it is . 
no , the states are n't labeled or outlined . 
81.9 x 58.2 cm 
i used a canadian dime ... any coin would work . a spoon works well ... i even used my finger for the smaller places like hawaii and thailand . really anything works 
unfortunately not . you must be very careful . do not take it out of the cylinder it comes in until you are ready to frame it in an open faced frame . i made that mistake and then tried to put it back in to take to framers and got scratches down russia . : ( but it does look great now that it 's framed and hanging . i 'll just have to go to russia sooner than i planned . 
i have a ceramic cooktop and to date there is not an issue with warping . 
yes . thats what i use and they are fine . 
they just press in its greate 
battery powered . 
yes it does come with the jars . i purchased for my wife to use for her spices and she loves it 
very easy . the battery compartment is located in the middle of the spice rack . you do not have to take the rack off the cupboard . just take out some of the jars . start out with good batteries and you wo n't have to change them for a very long time 
the spice rack will hold 22 bottles ( included ) on an endless track , moving in either direction at the touch of a button . 
kitchenworksinc.com have 3 oz jars but i think they are glass and the lids are also sold separately . regular spice bottles that you buy spices in fit just fine so i do n't use many of the bottles that come with the rak . i have about 10-12 extra new ones if you want me to send them to you . 
the challboard is flexible and bends to fit any surface . i love it ! 
prob not . it 's more of a bendy magnetic surface . the pen that comes with it is more of a paint pen 
hi stephanie k. - the entire black mat is the magnet . one side sticks to the fridge , or metal surface , the other side is chalboard like to write on with the chalk pens . very strong magnet - stays put ! it 's the best menu planner , grocery list , reminder list , etc . highly recommend ! 
12 inches by 16 inches . it can be used `` tall '' or `` wide '' you can also cut it with a knife or scissors to change the size . 
i measured only the outside of this unit . looking at and measuring from the front , the unit is 22 inches across . from front to back of unit is 16 inches . the unit is 12 inches high . 
express buttons work fine . press 1 and it cooks for 1 minute , press two for 2 minute cooking . 
interior dimensions are l 15.91 x w 14.8 x h 9.84 
it does have an internal light . 
none yet after 14 months . ( in wisconsin not very humid here . ) 
yes and it dings 5 times when done and 3 times to remind you it done ! 
12 7 8 '' overall diameter turn table . 
yep- as the others have said , 1 1 4 inches . my method of measuring was to lay something flat over the pie dish so that it covered half of the opening , and then i stood a ruler up on end in the dish and measured how far it was from the bottom of the dish up to the bottom of the flat object . it was exactly 1 1 4 inches . 
the `` 6 '' is to rim to rim and the bottom is almost `` 5 '' . love these pie dishes . 
it is 1 '' deep . perfect for making a pie or quiche for 2 people . 
12 '' w x 15 '' l x 8 '' h - after adding the attachments , allow for a height and length adjustment ( glasses attachment , glass drip plate and utensil holder , which we have hanging on the outside of the rack ) : 12 '' w x 20 '' l x 14 '' h - we 've also added a great , washable dish mat : http : www.amazon.com prepara-dock-hygienic-dish-sage dp b008tnh0g2 overall , very happy with this item - it is not for major dish work , however - if you let things pile and do n't stay on top of your dishes , this is not the dish rack for you ( we have a dw and use the dish rack for overflow or quick clean ups ) 
yes , it is removable . 
the measurement are : 14 3 4l x 13d x 8 1 2h ( with the detachable wine rack in the back measures 14 1 2h ) . its the perfect size for family of 4 , its a great look . 
well that depends on whether you mean plates , bowls , glasses , etc ? but i 'd say if properly standing up , not piled in , i can fit about 4-6 dinner plates and a few glasses at a time , or several glasses and a couple cereal bowls , for example . i do have large , deep dinnerware so that is a factor for me . if you use it for cookware , it can basically fit one large pot or pan with a few small utensils or measuring cups . for me it 's great for drying a few things that would n't fit into a full load in the dishwasher , but definitely ca n't hold all the dinnerware and glassware after a family meal for four . hope that helps . 
yes , they are . they do n't push all the way over the metal part . i left them off since it then made it too high . when i put something tall like a coffee pot in the rack it hits the cabinet above . ( small kitchen ) . i got the spray plastic to coat the legs so it would n't slide on the granite counter . 
yes . do n't worry . 
i would n't use it for hot beverages myself , though it would certainly keep them hot . the problem is , it uses a straw , not a `` sippy-cup '' style spout , so it would be very easy to burn your mouth badly . also , though the mouthpiece is silicone ( and thus would be fine with even the hottest drinks ) , the straw is ( bpa free ) plastic , and i 'm not sure how well it would hold up to heat . 
no , the opening is wider in the new thermos . 
china 
yes , it is.it 's for a big kid 
thanks for your question , i found the following care instructions on a suppliers page : machine wash cold , gentle cycle , and separately . do not bleach . tumble dry low , remove promptly . do not iron . if there is no free movement in the washer or dryer , use large capacity commercial washer dryer . i hope this helps ! 
it is a very pale blue and only on the pillows , the blue is not on the white bedspread so you can interchange the pillows and give it a totally different look . i love it . 
hello - thank you for your interest in designer living . the comforter is white and the pillows are blue . thank you , krystal designer living customer service rep 1-888-879-8790 
12 '' w x 42 1 2 l x 13 1 4 h 
the two sides are 8 '' w x 11 3 4 '' h x 9 '' deep . there is one behind each door , 11 3 8 '' w x 11 3 4 '' h x 11 '' deep . i hope this helps . 
i mounted this on the wall but i do n't see why you could n't let it sit on a desk . it 's sturdy once assembled . it 's pretty level , so it should work well . 
yes , it is . 
there are a few with a male but not the same humor . 
the ceramic mug is made in thailand and the printing is done in the us . 
the ice pop makers are produced to the highest standards and the factory is actually approved by disney , olympics and coca cola among others , to produce top products . thie above statement is from seller- i 'm not sure where they are made 
the tops lids do not turn white , but the tubes do . i checked all 4 of the tubes and each one turns white when you pinch or twist them . 
actually everything i make usually has more of a runny consistency as with thicker things - find there are too many bubbles in the popsicle . when i did try something thicker , i scooped it with a spoon and kept tapping the bottom of the mold against the counter to flatten it out . 
no . also , they are easy to wash. i give them a quick rinse and put them in the dishwaher . 
no 
i have n't cooked any ribs yet but i did cook to boston butt shoulder roast and it done a fine job . if i had to guess , you could probably get 10 lbs or more . this cooker cooks meat excellent . it is a great cooker and i know you will be satisfied . 
yes it does , there are instructions and some recipes . notice how much cheaper it is to buy direct from oster . i think their cost is around $ 50 including shipping . i like the convenience and security of shopping on amazon so i have no regrets . 
no the heat from the unit light the wood 
the temperature range for the roasting function is 300-350 degrees fahrenheit . you could use the roaster to warm up cooked barbeque ; however , cooking times will vary . 
wood chips 1 to 2 inches long and to inch thick work best . do not use wood chunks . very small wood chips or shavings will burn too quickly and may not produce the desired smoke flavor . 
yes . the system powers up quickly , providing steam within a minute . when turned off , the steam stops flowing within seconds . 
about 54 inches . 
no . it 's all plastic , with a foam rubber grip . 
years ! 
look at the description of both to compare . i am thrilled with the 9200. call them if you 're not sure . 
i just measured and the handle is the widest part at almost 39 inches . i hope that helps you . 
about 5 1 2 feet . the extension adds another 15 inches . 
1550w 
yes it does , i 'd go for a darker toast or char though 
they are raw because if they are varnished i can not do engraving or artwork . i do varnish them for a small upcharge . if that is what you need you will have to contact me before ordering . 404.8227512 thank you for your interest . papa rudy 
yes 
hello mommyd & g . it can be engraved but there will be an additional charge . also please note that the barrel size limits the amount and type of engraving . i can either list a barrel with engraving which would be an additional $ 19.99 or i can take your order via the phone . i need , however , to know what you want engraved . it obviously involves some customizing and time . thanks for your inquiry and let me know if you want me to call . thanks , papa rudy 
yes it is ! 
hi - the one i purchased has a drop length of 15 '' . 
yes they are . 
the drop is about 15 inches . 
no , only on each side of bed . 
yes 
this is our first year with it . we have used it on a few chilly days so far & it has worked great . 
the remote control goes down to 59 , however the most comfortable setting is around 68. depending on the size of the space cooling is no problem . one of my units handles 800 square feet like nothing . we find ourselves cold on the hottest day . for us the units work great . right now we have -1 degree and its still cranking out heat unbelievable . i hope this helps ! 
yes 
if the room temperature is 65 , why do you even need the ac on but for that moment i would set it at 75 to insure it does not get any higher than this 
10 l or 42 cups 7.8 l or 32 cups 2.75 l 1.4 l or 6 cups 
i have always found tupperware lids to fit fantastically , you may have to let then soak in warm water at first and the put on to the bowl to allow to form to the bowl at first and i try to wash mine by hand . tupperware also has a lifetime warranty . i have some of my grandmother 's when it was called just tupper , they still are going strong ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
just four bowls . two really large bowls a medium and a small bowl . very nice . 
the pump should be placed a the lowest point so that when you open the valves on both ends , gravity allows the liquid to flow into the pump . the unique thing about this pump is that it is magnetically driven so that pump motor is not physically connected to the pump mechanism . instead a rotating magnet spins the mechanism therefore the possibility of it ceasing is not really there . very cool design . after each use , i remove the head for cleaning and storage . 
entire pump 
no , but you should occasionally lubricate it with sae 20 non detergent oil 
yes , and the box are small . like 30x20x20 cm . 
short answer ... no . however , i have heard anecdotal evidence that with a good converter , it will run fine . it would be best if you are in a country with 3 prong grounded wall sockets though . 
that 's a good question . these pumps are designed for use with high temp liquids . chugger may make a pump to handle what you want but you would be better off contacting them directly . chugger pumps , 5044 industrial road , suite c farmingdale , nj 07727 phone : ( 866 ) 921-1340 email : shop @ chuggerpumps.com 
yes , the pump and motor come together . i ordered from the link in the amazon ad . not sure what happened to the first guy and he never updated his review . 
i ordered from the same listing and received the pump and head for the price listed . 
unfinished , we used a product called emmett 's good stuff to seal the wood . it darkened it a bit but is food grade wood sealer frequently used on butcher block counters 
yes paint or stain , the table comes unfinished 
the top of this table is at 29 1 2 `` 
70 inch round 
diameter 19 '' height 25 '' 
no , it is 19 3 4 inches round 
twenty five inches tall ... ... ... ... . 
a 70 inch round works fine . 
19 and a half inches in diameter and 2 feet tall . 
19 3 4 '' diameter 
the full size comforter is for the double bed . these mattresses are the same just called double or full by people but they have the same demensions . 
yes 
just the comforter . bedskirt and pillow cases sold separately . 
a standard twin size mattress is 39 '' wide x 75 '' long . this comforter covers just perfect over the sides and bottom . it looks great with or without a bed skirt . 
this item is microfiber . i do not know whether this is the same comforter they sell at target 
hello ! the fabric quality and colours are excellent.however , there are no sheets in the pack . comforter and pillowcase . 
yes 
yes we use a medium char 
mexico 
it is assembled permanent 
yes , if it preped correctly . i ca n't say `` always '' because , with anything manufactured , there can ways be a flaw . but the two i have always work well for me . 
hi christa ! just send us a message after purchase with the personalization you would like and the order number and we 'll add the engraving right away for you ! 
if i 'm not mistaken , i believe a few more bells and whistles are the only difference between 590 and 790. i think the 790 has a mopping function . not entirely sure . as for 1.0 and 3.0 , the 3.0 is the latest and greatest . better software , more cameras , better functioning . hope that helped 
i have ordered new filters from compass parts . 866-779-7906 . 
as far as i know , this specific version does not . at least the model we received does not . 
yes 
unsure , mine has been stuck under the bed since i got it , 
no it will learn on its own the floors and area 's . once you get it and set it up and then start running it then it will start learning the area 's threw the house . 
hello , thank you for your question . as per the product detail page this item is available to ship to select international countries outside the u.s. i would suggest adding the item to your cart then click the `` proceed to checkout '' button . an error message will appear if it is not able to be delivered to your destination . if you are able to proceed through the order process and giving shipping methods prices to chose from then this means that a seller of the item is able to ship to your location . i hope this helps ! 
it 's a little tricky at first . i just ordered more brushes . i went to the lg website and then searched for my vacuum . it then redirected me to a distributor based on where i live and then i found the part number and ordered . the best i can say is start at the lg website and go from there . it 's not bad after doing it , but it can be tricky at first . good luck 
call lg ! 
paring : 7 '' w 3-1 2 '' blade and larger 11 '' w 6 '' blade 
according to a wusthof youtube video , the wusthof precision edge technology ( petec ) is a method of sharpening the knives that is used on all wusthof knives at the factory . the examples shown in the video are using wusthof classic knives . yes , this video shows that these knives use the petech technique for sharpening the knives at the factory . you can find this video if you google wusthof precision edge technology . 
do not know , but i have had my first larger chef knife 6 years and it is in perfect condition . i do n't put in dishwasher though . 
they came in a container that was n't reusable for a long period of time . the bottom is plastic with velvety like material that the knives fit into . the top was transparent plastic that i threw away . i put the bottom portion in my utensils drawer and keep the knives there so they do n't get all dinged up ( i have a very wide utensils drawer ) . 
sorry but not sure - but these are awesome knives - very much worth the money - very sharp 
no hose and regulator included . just what you see on the picture . 
no the bottom of the feet on the one i bought is 10 1 2 `` x10 1 2 '' the cooking area is 91 2 '' x91 2 '' the feet could be modified but that depends on how much of a hasle you want ... .. 
mine came broken and was returned so i can not say if it would hold up to the weight of the pressure cooker . i think the grates may be too brittle or weak to hold that kind of weight . 
from what i understand it only has the propane orifice . 
it 's plastic , holds up well.. 
it is glass . 
not that i know of , but i seen it at my local walmart . 
i do n't know . you might check the website and shoot them a message . i have seen others without the base , but never the base alone . 
yes , but the glass was broken upon delivery so we never used it 
yes it can . i do it all the time . this way your drink does not get diluted when the ice melts . 
unfortunately no . it 's made in china . 
the whole unit shuts down . fan does not continue to run . 
power consumption 310w 3.0a standard plug http : www.sunpentown.com sd30pidewien1.html 
i 'm not 100 % sure , but i believe it is 90 days . just fyi . i 've had this running continuously for a month and a half without a problem . works great . 
accoding to the slumber mfg , the sizes mattress and coil count are as follows : twin =435 full = 609 queen = 690 king = 870 hope this helps . 
yes i use mine without a box spring it is a great mattress 
we sure love it ! if you are looking for something firm.. this is the way to go . 
i believe it 's 150-160 pounds , though i knew someone around 200 pounds who had no trouble with it . hope that helps : ) 
yes it can 
i bought two of these ( at different times ) . the first one has a thicker material covering and would be fine . the second one has a different thinner material covering and you can feel the frame more ... so is less comfortable . i would say for kids and teens either would be fine but an adult may not agree . 
do n't know the official weight limit , but i am 134lbs and my husband is about 200. we both can sleep on it with no problems . and for sitting , another person of my husband 's size can sit with us for sure . 
very simple . the pieces are zipped into the back you open and easily assemble . 
yes , it came with four legs . 
not sure i do n't sleep on it nor really plan to . i bought as an alt to tradition living couch to be a bit more unique 
the height of the table is 18 inches . 
6 inches and an additional 4inches from the woodtoth bottom shelf 
i like 
43 '' x23.5 '' x17 '' tall 
there is a matching end table sold separately . you should be able to find it online with some searching . they make a very nice looking set ! 
its about 1 4 to 5 16 of an inch . 
contact global furniture usa directly on the phone # listed on their web site `` globalfurnitureusa.com '' . their customer service will direct you to the dealer who can order and supply the part ( s ) . 
maybe 5 ft. do n't buy it though . i 've had two . first lasted less than 2 years . second one never worked . 
i have had mine about 9 months and works fine , i have it set at 88 , house temperature is 72 degrees . i like the digital display , no guessing how much it was changed . i have not had a water bed heater last longer than 5 years . i like the lower output dons not make a hot spot over the heater , next time i will use two so one does not need to work as hard . i have had a water bed since the 70s and we can not use a regular matters , max98327 
i do n't know the exact but some were in the range of 2 ft. long and about 1 1 2 ft. wide . i have a king size water bed and this heater heats the entire bed evenly . you will not have any cold spots what so ever . i hope this helps . 
yes , i have had mine for about a year and it works great , i have it set at 87 degrees and it is right on . i have only one complaint and that is the price 
we use two to reduce the load on the heaters , but we have two separate mattresses for individualized comfort . 
these steamers can be stacked on top of one another and the chef 's pan lid is then placed on the top most steamer . we also carry nc-00312 and nc-00311 which include a steamer tray and more can be added by purcashing from this listing . 
this item is quite large . i had to send it back b c i needed something smaller -- -like 6-7 inches across . this is more like a large dinner plate ... i did n't measure it exactly . 
yes , i purchased 2 of the steamer inserts to replace a traditional bamboo steamer . usually 1 insert will suffice but 2 handle an enormous amount of food 
place it over the rim 
the insert is 3 1 2 '' tall 
no . only 13-inch wok or chef pan . please refer to below links . http : www.amazon.com dp b00421ayke http : www.amazon.com dp b00gmh41za 
it fits perfectly in the 13 inch wok with dome lid . hope this helps . 
this grinder has metal gears . 
it is 500 watts . which converts to .67 hp 
it has a 1 year warranty from date of purchase against all defects in material and workmanship . it has card in box you mail in with copy of purchase reciept . 
turn the `` manual release button '' on the side of the opener , first in one direction , and if that does n't work , in the reverse direction . this has n't happened often , but every time i tried this , it worked ! 
works with all normal size household can goods 
push ( slide ) the two halves apart lengthwise the whole top lifts off . there is an instruction on the sheet to complete the cycle if it stops on top of a can . 
same design , but did n't work 
i 'm sorry , i could n't tell you for sure because i honestly have n't seen or bought many square cans . i can only think of the spam cans and they have a built in opener . however , the can opener does attach itself with a magnet to the top of the can and moves around the rim gripping the lip and i have opened bent top cans that were n't exactly round and had no problem . i would guess that it would do alright on squares as long as the corners are not too sharp of a turn . i love my can opener , i have torn rotator cuffs on both shoulders and this little gadget is a blessing , ... no more pain opening cans . 
yes , it does . 
i have used the top as a work surface . it is actually holding up really , really well . we have left wet wine glasses on it , served buffet of food on it , and it looks brand new . we are very pleased . 
as far as i know , butcher block countertops have superb sanitary properties due to the presence of naturally occurring anti-microbial substances in the wood grain . no other man-made or natural countertop surface other than natural wood can offer this sanitary advantage . 
no 
20 inches 
yes . it matched exactly to my counters . 
i have put hot pan on the block with a towel beneath and had no issues . have not tried a hot pan with nothing under . 
i am not at the house right now so i cant give an exact measurement , but i 'd say it is close to 1 1 4 to 1 1 2 inches thick . 
the seller 's answer is not very believable given that the photo shows what looks like a plastic lid and the description says there is an external indicator window for water level . what is the window made of if not plastic , in which case the boiling water is in contact with plastic . 
it 's attached and it opens wide enough to fill easily 
no 
the height of the unit i have is 25 1 8 inches . 
the leaded glass just looks really nice on this unit . we have our cable box inside the glass which works great . very happy with the look and price of this console . 
the oak and leaded glass corner tv stand is made of solid wood . the assembly is a breeze and it looks beautiful . 
no . have not had any problems . 
there is an opening in the back for cords . otherwise it is fully enclosed . 
lowest point is 14 inches . tallest point is 19 inches 
it is a great quality . i am very happy with it . my 4 year old can jump on it and my 210 lb . husband can sit and relax on it . i definitely recommend . 
i have no idea ... never paid attention to stuff like that 
32 '' high , 26.5 wide and about 61 '' long 
the mugs are small as shown in the photo . they only hold 8 ounces . 
yes ... .no complaints ... .i love them 
i actually used then for about a month and did n't have any chips or cracks . i sold then to a friend who put them in her cabinet for display . 
china 
it is 10 inches . i have other 10 inch plates that appear much larger than these in comparison though . if you will use them everyday be cautious . they are not heavy stoneware . 
the plates are clay stoneware . they are not your typical heavy stoneware , but are microwaveable . the outside of the dishes are not colored but are a natural beige color . the insides are painted only . 
no chips so far . 
the spatula is 11 inches tip to tip . it is 2inches wide at the top flat top edge . 
yes the comforter can fit inside the duvet . it has buttons to enclose the comforter inside . the duvet cover is loose over the comforter . which seemed strange at first but we have grown to actually love the loose feeling and look . for the price you ca n't beat it . i will being buying a different color for christmas . and surprisingly the cover holds up well i wash my sheets several times a week and still nice and soft ! 
the tag states : 100 % microfiber . it feels like soft cotton and does n't wrinkle . we use it in the summer for our lightweight comforter . my wife and i both like it very much and are considering buying another in a different color . only drawback is that it 's made in china . 
it would ship out within 2 business days and should arrive no later than 3 business days 
yes it does . i love it ! 
no , there are no ties but it fits perfectly . 
buttons 
the ad states size as 108 x 102 , actual size received was 104 x 90 , would not fit my comforter and had to be returned . 
there is no indication that this was approved by the fda . 
1 '' x 1 '' x 3 4 '' deep , i use them for making bath bombs and they 're perfect `` filler '' for the jar with larger ones . 
it is sillione , so it should be can , i only use it to make chocolate , never ty it in oven . 
dimensions 21.3 x 10.5 x 2.5cm 8.39 x 4.13 x 0.98inch ( l x w x h ) 
my mattress is about 15 inches and it just fit , so i would say no . 
no 
i 've had this a very short time . about two weeks . washed it twice . no pilling so far , but the sheet is not soft at all . i really do n't care for it . 
it 's mercerised cotton , so it 's treated but supposed to wear well . it over 250 thread but as soft as 400 . 
no just one fitted sheet . 
it fits my 11 inch bed fine . i 'm not sure about your bed . 
deep pocket sheet 
fit v nice , good material , 12 each level 
not so sure about the shipping weight but it is worth the money i purchased mines last year they are beautiful and good quality if i would have to guess maybe no more than 12 lbs 
both teirs have a 10 '' diameter . 
what is de diameter of the tiers 
to me it was not strong at all . gone in less than a day . 
in order to answer that one would have to ask what kind of fire flame would this mattress be exposed to ? most foam mattresses melt under heat then go to another state depending on the degree of heat . of all the flammable objects that are in and around your room one would have to ask what fire scenario are you thinking about ? let me know so that one can give you a better answer or check with the manufacturer ! 
theres really no instructions , all i did was turn my chair upside down and gave it a big pull , the old part came out of the seat but i had to use a hammer to remove the other section . i used a pair of water pump pliers to get a hold of it and give it a twist to loosen it from the base as it was stuck with `` age '' . that was a big help and i would use that technique before using a hammer lol but it worked none the less . after you get the base and seat separated from the plunger , just set the new one in . the end with the red button goes in the seat end and the other goes in the base . hope this helps , but as far as the part itself goes , it works fine . 
it is universal and fits all chairs 
the only way to know is for you to take the measurements of the cylinder . measure the diameter across the base and the sit . 
i do n't know about this particular chair . measure the diameter of the tube you have now and compare it to this tube 's dimensions . this tube fit perfectly in my wife 's chair and after a year is still working well . also , go on youtube to see how to remove and reinsert the tube . makes it an easy process . 
that black peice is a picture of the bottom it 's a fastener that holds the hydraulic together . the orange cap is the actuator and that 's what allows the chair to raise or lower . both caps come on the product . 
i weigh 210 lbs it easily supports this . i guess the limit is 250 lbs 
yes , if sanded first . 
dimensions : 32.3 '' w x 32.3 '' d x 14.6 '' h 
the back is cardboard , and i did not use it . it works fine without it . 
it 's still made out of particle board , but i felt like everything was very sturdy and tough . my family has altogether bought 4 of these and have had zero issues with the quality . shelves are thick and there 's plenty of supplies in the box . 
11 3 8 '' 
my book shelf has two removeable shelves with 3 spaces for storage of 13 inches for the bottom two and over 12 and almost 13 for the top shelf . 
yes 
the measurements in the description are accurate . i have two of them and they look great . i am very happy with my purchase , and if i needed more shelf space , i would order more of them . 
it 's about 31 inches wide and 71 inches high . almost 12 inches wide . 
the dimensions are listed in the product information in the description . it is 6 feet tall , 2 1 2 feet wide and just under 1 foot deep . 
they 're very heavy and were too difficult to mount on the wall . really a waste of money . 9.5 deep , 28 wide , 9 high 
9 '' high x 28 '' long - but inside is only 7-3 4 '' high - can only fit small books or dvds . 
yes . the wall mounting brackets attach to the box not the back . 
weight limit dependent on what it will attach to . studs on both sides will hold maybe 50 or 75 pounds , but dry wall anchors much less . 
you can use any type of coffee ( grounded ) no pods . 
you could , but the heating element does not heat up the water very hot ( in my experience ) . 
to be honest i did n't know what bpa stands for until i researched and i do n't know . in any case i did n't make much use of this coffee machine as i did n't find it as practical as i thought would be ! but it 's a fair product to buy 
about 15-3 4 '' tall 
what ever you choose 
the biggest flaw i found is that the mug is not well insulated and dissipates a lot of heat . i bought a better one at bed , bath and beyond and now my coffee stays hot for hours . what is your specific concern ? 
use hot water ; dissolved gases will be expelled and wo n't bubble when the water freezes . 
yes 
yes 
i believe the instructions say its dishwasher safe , but i could n't swear to that as i no longer have them . other silicone pieces ( cookware ) i own are dishwasher safe . i have washed the ice tray a few times in warm soapy water and its been fine . if the situation required me to throw it in the dishwasher , i would have no second thoughts about doing it . 
1 rinse 2 fill bottom half almost full . 3 press top half into bottom half gently . 4 slowly fill spheres through the small holes if needed . 5 pick it up keeping it level and cover small holes with fingers and spill excess water . 6 place on level surface in freezer . 7 when removing frozen ice balls , rinse first to make removal easier . 
china of course , but i could not find one made stateside , good luck . 
use warmer water , it will freeze slower allowing more air to escape instead of getting trapped . tiny trapped air bubbles is what makes the ice cloudy . you could also use distilled water instead of tap water 
the tray is about 2 inches deep by four inches long , four inches wide . i do n't have exact measurements , but can measure if necessary . 
yes 
yes we have used types of locks 
it was anchored from the inside to the wall behind . i actually bought 3 and had them screwed together and then all 3 were anchored into the studs . 
i think it would , but i would honestly want to anchor it to a wall . it is heavy and i would hate to see it tip over . 
i have the same question . it would be great if you could buy additional shelves ad hoc . i was planning on having one made - there are a lot of holes in the locker where it would be easy to add a second shelf with a few mounts and a think piece of metal or wood . 
no they do not come with legs . 
no 
i do not know exact weight , but it is heavy . 
i did not compare to the model you are asking about . i recommend going to the best buy website and using their compare feature to see what the difference is . could be motor size ? weight ? width of sweeper ? type of roller . the nimble has a self-cleaning feature on the roller that is lovely . good luck ! 
yes , there are 2 push button options . one for hi low carpet and the second one for barefloors ; which turns off the brush . 
to the brim , each square holds 4oz . 
yes they are the same . 
we use them in our restaurant . i have got any issue yet . 
